---
title: Multilingual hreflang tag for blogger
description: The hreflang attribute (also referred to as rel="alternate"
  hreflang="x" ) discloses to Google which dialect you are utilizing on a
  particular page, so the...
author: Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/09/cara-upload-javascript-di-yourjavascript.com.html
date: 2017-09-12T01:58:08+07:00
updated: 2017-09-09T15:01:00.000Z
thumbnail: https://imgdb.net/images/3191.png
cover: https://imgdb.net/images/3191.png
---

<hr/> [THIS SITE IS MIRROR](https://www.webmanajemen.com) Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/09/cara-upload-javascript-di-yourjavascript.com.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/> Multilingual hreflang tag for blogger - The hreflang attribute (also referred to as rel="alternate" hreflang="x" ) discloses to Google which dialect you are utilizing on a particular page, so the... Hreflang Attribute 

The hreflang attribute (also referred to as            rel="alternate" hreflang="x") discloses to Google which dialect you are utilizing on a particular page, so the web index can serve that outcome to clients seeking in that dialect.
Code Sample

<link rel="alternate" href="http://example.com" hreflang="en-us" />
What is Rel="Alternate" Hreflang="x"?
Presented by Google in December 2011, the hreflang quality enables you to show web indexes what the relationship is between website pages in substitute dialects. It's helpful when you've made substance that is particular to a neighborhood group of onlookers. The hreflang characteristic adds a flag to web crawlers that a client questioning in dialect "x" will need this outcome rather than a page with comparative substance in dialect "y". For instance, in the event that you make a Spanish-dialect adaptation of your
English-dialect landing page, you would label it as "Español" by utilizing hreflang="es" so that searchers with an IP address that an internet searcher has motivation to accept is in a
Spanish-talking nation are served that page in Spanish rather than the English rendition. This can diminish your ricochet rate and increment your transformations by ensuring your intended interest group lands on the form of your page most fitting for them.
Hreflang can likewise be utilized to demonstrate that you have content focused on toward variations of a solitary dialect. In the event that that is the situation, you can focus on your pages considerably more particularly by developing the hreflang trait with explanations that show which area the substance is confined for, e.g. Spain hreflang="es-es" versus Mexico hreflang="es-mx". This is especially helpful to geotarget clients to control for varieties in money, shipping, regularity, and culture.
Hreflang is a flag, not a mandate. That implies that other Website design enhancement variables may abrogate the hreflang characteristic and cause an alternate form of your page to rank higher. To give web search tools the clearest conceivable flags about which pages are for clients in which dialect, ensure you're utilizing other universal Search engine optimization best practices.
Take note of that while Google and Yandex presently utilize the hreflang quality, Bing utilizes dialect meta labels.

General Targeting with x-default
If your page serves up content in a variety of languages or just asks a
user to select a preferred page, you can use x-default to show that the
page is not specifically targeted. That looks like this:

<link rel="alternate" href="http://example.com/" hreflang="x-default" />
Hreflang's Effect on Rankings
Hreflang attributes may not help you increase traffic; instead, the goal of using them is to serve the right content to the right users. They help search engines swap the correct version of the page into the SERP based on a user's location and language preferences. For information on how geotargeting can help with rankings, learn about    ccTLDs.

The Difference between Hreflang and Canonicalization
Canonicalization is a tool for showing search engines which version of a URL (each with the same content) is the dominant one to avoid duplicate content issues.
Hreflang, on the other hand, is a tool to show which of the different (but often similar) pages (based on language or region) should show up in a search.
Google recommends not using rel="canonical"across country or language
versions of your site. But you can use it within a country or language version
Source: moz.com
And today i want to share "How to create hreflang tags on blogger". Follow tutorial below:

Login to blogger and go to dashboard blogger
Navigate to Themes --> Import Export --> Export your current template to backup it.
Then close the import export tab --> then EDIT HTML.
Put below code between <head></head>

<b:if cond='data:blog.url == data:blog.homepageUrl'>
  <link rel="alternate" expr:href="data:blog.url" hreflang="x-default" />
  <link rel="alternate" expr:href="data:blog.url" hreflang="x" />
</b:if>
<b:if cond='data:blog.url == data:post.url'>
  <link rel="alternate" expr:href="data:post.url" hreflang="x-default" />
  <link rel="alternate" expr:href="data:post.url" hreflang="x" />
</b:if>

Done. Save template. Check your blog from view sources. Please wait for A few days for updated the hreflang tag on webmaster.
Do you interesting with this article.. Dont forget to share this :) .. <hr/> [THIS SITE IS MIRROR](https://www.webmanajemen.com) Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/09/cara-upload-javascript-di-yourjavascript.com.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/>