---
title: How to add caption to images or videos in wordpress and Blogger
description: How to add caption to images or videos in wordpress and Blogger
  Thats true a picture is value cardinal words, however a picture
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/04/how-to-add-caption-to-images-or-videos_9.html
date: 2017-04-09T16:48:00.000Z
updated: 2017-04-09T16:48:00.000Z
---

How to add caption to images or videos in wordpress and Blogger 

    


That's true; a picture is value cardinal words, however a picture             with caption makes it additional important. a picture caption may             be a few lines of knowledge (usually an apparentstandable|a             comprehensible|a lucid|a noticeable|an evident|a visible} text             under a picture) that describes associate degree image or a             portrait. In most of the photography blogs you'll see image             captions and that they use it to specific their photos, unsure a             way to caption pictures. each wordpress and Blogger makes it             straightforward, here comes the beginner level tutorial on a way to             add caption to photographs or videos in wordpress and Blogger.         
        How to add image caption in wordpress    
Adding captions to pictures in wordpress is incredibly             straightforward and there's no want of any plugin as a result of             the feature is made in. typically you may add pictures in to your             wordpress post or page by clicking on add media button.                         This option can open a screen to insert media files wherever you             may insert pictures from uniform resource locator or by uploading             files or by selecting from media library. no matter it's, before             inserting image in to your post or page you may see attachment             details and in there you'll see many fields to feature image             titles, image caption, elevation text and outline.                         OR once inserting your image, click the image, opt to edit and             you'll have the choices to feature title, altitude text and             captions.         
        
Add image title, alt tags if you want and in caption field describe             your image in few words. The image title will be visible when a             mouse hovers over the image, alt text is used for the purpose of             SEO and a caption lies below your image just like this.         
        
The appearance of the caption varies from theme to theme and you'll             be able to modification its vogue by adding very little CSS. In             themes like twenty eleven, twenty twelve, twenty 13 and twenty             fourteen you'll be able to realize and alter the values for             .wp-caption.         
So the on top of technique is employed to caption single image on             simply single post or page, however what if you would like to             feature captions varied|to varied|to numerous} pictures on various             posts. parenthetically you've got a standard image that you just             use it on many of your post, thus to feature caption you don't have             to be compelled to edit every and each post. simply adding a             caption to single image can applies to any or all your posts and             however that you just can even add image captions straight from             your medial library. simply head to your media library, choose the             image and below the image you'll have the choice to feature             caption. Hope that helps in adding image captions in wordpress,             currently let's see a way to add caption to videos in wordpress.         
            How to add caption to videos in wordpress         
For example let's say you're embedding a YouTube video in your web             site and would really like to feature a bit caption or a message at             a lower place that video, however would you are doing that. In             wordpress there's no such choice to caption videos, however by             employing a shortcode you'll be able to bring that. commonly you'll             engraft a video exploitation shortcode similar to this.         
        
Now to feature caption underneath your video you've got to surround             the embedded video victimisation shortcode rather like this.         
        
Just insert your YouTube video, opt for dimension and add caption             that's it, therefore the final output are one thing like this.         
        
        How to add caption to images in Blogger    
For Blogger we've antecedently lined contact adding title and ALT             tags to pictures, however not captions. Adding caption to your             Blogger pictures is same like wordpress and it's easy too. simply             login to your Blogger web log, open your web log dashboard, opt for             posts or pages then add a picture as you'd usually do. when             uploading the image, click on the image and you may see many             choices that show up in a very blue stripe underneath your image.             Click on add caption to feature caption and click on on take away             caption to get rid of caption. All done!         
        
Hope this post helped you on a way to add captions to photographs             or videos in wordpress and Blogger.<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/04/how-to-add-caption-to-images-or-videos_9.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>