---
title: Know Your Basic Types CSS Selector
description: "Learning CSS Tutorial Part : Know Your Basic Types CSS SelectorCSS
  has the type selector that varies, even greatly vary depending"
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/05/know-your-basic-types-css-selector.html
date: 2017-05-06T13:55:00.000Z
updated: 2017-05-06T13:55:00.000Z
---

Learning CSS Tutorial Part 5: Know Your Basic Types CSS Selector

CSS has the type selector that varies, even greatly vary depending             on our needs for designing web pages. In the tutorial to know basis             CSS selector I will discuss five basic types selector in CSS.CSS             Selector not only 5 of this type, but in most cases it is             sufficient to create a web page HTML + CSS.         
Selectoris a pattern (pattern) used to'find' a tag in the HTML. Analogy for the            selector, for example: search all p tags, or                             search through all the h1 tag that has the attribute class =                 title.                     
CSS has many selector, we will discuss one by one:         

            universal Selector 
Universal selector            only 1 in CSS, the asterisk "*". Selector aims to 'find'            any existing tags.         
Universal Selector            CSS Example:         
  * {
    color: blue;
    background-color: white;
   } 
CSS code Issuer intends to make the entire HTML tags are blue and             white background.         

            Element Type Selector 
Element Type Selector            or Tag Selector is a term for a selector whose             value is HTML tag itself. Each HTML tag can be used as a selector,             and all of those tags will be captured by this selector.         
Element Type Selector CSS Example:         
  h1 { 
    text-decoration: underline;
 }
 p { 
   font-size: 14px;
   } 
CSS code example above will make all<h1>            will be underlined, and the rest of the <p>            will be sized 14pixel.         
The effects of type selector element is from the beginning of the             tag, until the end of the tag. If within the <p> tag are             <i>, then the tag will also be a 14 pixel, until encountered             closing </ p>.         

            Class Selector 
Class            selector Selector is one of the most common and             most frequently used. Class Selector will 'find'            the entire tag has a class attribute with the            appropriate value.        
To use Class Selector, we should have a HTML tag             that has a class attribute.Example:         
  <P class = "paragraf_pertama"> This is a first paragraph </ p>
 <H1 class = "title"> Article Title </ h1>
 <H2 class = "important title color"> Sub Title Pages <h2> 
Note that for all the tags above, we add the class            attribute to its value is the name of the class itself.                             A class name can be owned by more than one tag, and a tag can                 have more than one class.                     
For example, in the last line in the example above,h2 tag has the attribute            class = "colored important title". This tag teridiri of 3 class, the title is important,and the            colored class.        
As for the Class Selector CSS code is as follows:         
  .paragraf_pertama {
                   color: red;
                   }
 .judul { 
        font-size: 20px;
        } 
  .penting { 
        color: red;
        font-size: 1em;
        } 
To use a class selector, in CSS we usea dot before the name of the            class.        
For our example, the entire class that has the value            "paragraf_pertama", the text color will be red. And the             whole class titles will have 20 pixel font.         

            ID Selector 
ID Selectortogether with a class selector is most common            selector and also frequently used (although not as often as the class selector). Use of the            ID selector is almost the same as the class selector, with             the Class Selector difference if we use the class            attribute for HTML tags, for the ID selector, we             use the id attribute.        
Examples of the use of the id attributeto the HTML             tag         
  <P id = "paragraf_pembuka"> This is an introductory paragraph </ p>
 <H1 id = "judul_utama"> Article Title </ h1>
 <H2 id = "sub_judul"> Sub Title Pages <h2> 
Id attributes in addition to CSS selector, also serves as a unique             code to each tag (mainly used to code JavaScript).Because of this,             id used must be unique and should not match. In other words,                             the id can only be used one time in a web page and can not be                 same.                     
Examples of the use of the id selector Class Selector CSS code is             as follows:         
  #paragraf_ opener {
                    color: red;
                    }
 The main #judul { 
              font-size: 20px
              } 
In the CSS code, we use the hashtag "#" as a sign             that we are looking for a tag with the id.        

            attribute Selector 
Our final basic Selector is a selector attribute.            Selector is a little moreadvanced than the previous             selector-selector. Attribute Selector is used to search through all             the tags that have the attributes that are written.         
Examples of the use Attribute Selector CSS code is as follows:         
 [Href] {font-size: 20px;  } [Type = "submit"] {width: 30px;  } 
As can be seen from the above examples, each            attribute selectors must be between square             brackets "[" and "]".         
[href]            will match all tags that have thehref attribute,             whatever the value of thehref (usually found on the tag href <a>).For example[type = "submit"] will match a tag with            a type attribute with a value submit, which in             this case is thesubmit button on the form.        
Although it has the ability to search for very specific tag, but            an attribute selector is not overused.         
Besides the five selectors basis of the above, the CSS still has a             selector that is more 'remote' in selecting tags to be             manipulated, but one example, such pseudo selectorare used for each event of link, known as the effect            mouseover,that we look for the condition at the time of a mouse is above a certain tag.            Pseudo Selector will be discussed on another             occasion.         
That's the basis of the CSS selector 5, which in addition to             stand-alone, can also be combined with other selectors for more             specific purposes. The incorporation of this selector will be             discussed in the next tutorial                             How to Use CSS Selector.<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/05/know-your-basic-types-css-selector.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>