---
title: F2P Guide
description: This guide is brought to you by a self-proclaimed Seven Knights 1
  and 2 veteran player 🤣. Seven Knights is a game with many fascinating heroes
  that I grew...
author: Dimas Lanjaka
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/Seven%20Knight/guide.html
date: 2021-12-03T19:06:19+07:00
updated: 2021-11-30T13:00:00.000Z
thumbnail: https://cdn.nijigenfun.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/10145404/games_2021111001_cover.jpg
cover: https://cdn.nijigenfun.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/10145404/games_2021111001_cover.jpg
---

<hr/> Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/Seven%20Knight/guide.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/> F2P Guide - This guide is brought to you by a self-proclaimed Seven Knights 1 and 2 veteran player 🤣. Seven Knights is a game with many fascinating heroes that I grew... This game is 
            great
             and very friendly for f2p.
        
How to invest rubies
        
Priority:
                    
                        Rate up hero summons (NOT special summons) until level
                        50 ~ 60, then from there invest all in masteries.
                    
                    Unlock masteries for free until level 50 ~ 60, then invest
                    all rubies until you unlock all. Masteries are important
                    and leveling becomes much slower as you level.
                
This gauge RESETS when the deadline comes,
                    so make sure you get it before the rate up hero changes.
                    Special summons and select hero summons do not have
                    deadlines and do not reset even if the hero is changed.
                
Do not,
            do not do not do not
            use rubies on pets and gear summons.
        
special summons
                    (Currently Cosette) have a
                    
                        much lower chance of acquisition compared to rate up
                        banners).
                    
                
Gear summons are just useless and waste of rubies.
        
Main source of topaz comes from PvP,
            largely from daily competition modes and guild wars.
            
                ONLY INVEST TOPAZ ON 10x SELECT HERO TICKETS IN THE TOPAZ
                STORE, NOTHING ELSE. You've been told.
            
        
What to buy from Alice Store/Mole Emporium?
        
Guild store
        
Mole Emporium
        
Friend points
        
PvP store
        
Common store
        
Heroes worth investing in the beginning
        
Claire
                    (early sub dealer, crit buffer, debuffer),
                
Ian
                    (sub healer, debuffer, buffer, resist to poison),
                
Henry
                    (sub dealer, resist to paralysis),
                
Adel
                    (sub tanker, debuffer, taunt, buffer, resist to freeze),
                
Guilahan
                    (sub tanker, debuffer, resist burn),
                
Scott
                    (sub tanker, resist bleed),
                
Shane
                    (main dealer, boss suppressor),
                
Cosette
                    (main ranged dealer, don't invest too much though since
                    legendary + is far better)
                
Heroes you will use for a long time listed below:
        
Common tier (White):
        
Greater tier (Green):
        
I recommend using Adel as the main tanker
            before you get Kade, or even legendary Rudy/Evan. Rudy is the
            better tank over Evan in terms of all roundedness.
        
Celestial Tower rare hero selection reward:
        
Rare tier (Blue):
        
Shay, Serena.
        
Engine Deck recommendation:
        
Shay
                    recovers ult gauge for allies, Lukey (rare
+, not white) boosts movement/attack speed of allies, and                    Serena reduces/resets ally skill cooldown.
                    
                        Thus, Serena, Shay, and Lukey (blue +) go extremely
                        well together
                    
                    and are referred to as the engine deck.
                
Crit/Skill level up, Shay                    cooldown, serena attack
                    gear.
                
Rare Shane and Rudy
            are used for a while for their boss suppression kit but get
            replaced by the legendary + versions eventually.
        
Rare+ tier (Brighter blue frame):
        
Lukey
                    (movement/attack speed ult buff for allies/engine deck
                    member),
                
Lene
                    (raid boss suppression, debuffer, sub-dealer)
                
Kade
                    (early ~ mid-game scenario tanker, taunt, self-heal,
                    defense break ult, and reduction of damage dealt, late game
                    field of exploration boss tanker).
                
Melissa
                    can be used in earlier phase at soul stone dungeon for her
                    heal + Def break skill to break stages faster, since each
                    level the boss's defense spikes up progressively. She is
                    used in the 8 man healer raid I mentioned earlier
                
Legendary tier (Red):
        
Dellons
                    (main guaranteed crit dps and buffer) - give him 5 set
                    attack gear
                
Rachel
                    (debuffer/buffer/excellent sub dps),
                    
                        also, a free account power reward hero! Hope for all of
                        you f2p players
                    
                
Rudy
                    (main scenario tanker/gold dungeon (goes well with shay
                    Serena lukey aka engine deck)/afk field tanker, pvp defense
                    deck). This rudy cannot suppress raid boss like
                    the rare rudy.
                
Evan
                    (main scenario boss tanker since he has high rate taunt
                    skill, early pvp defense deck),
                
Karin
                    (main healer, no other healer is better),
                
Fodina Eileen
                    (ally attack power buffer, cc, pvp queen).
                
Phoenix Empress Eileen
                    (Good for early game pvp, similar fate to Spike. Not used
                    at all later. CC + Buff removal + Resurrection passive).
                
Spike
                    is used well in the beginning for pvp for his buff removal,
                    cc, and immortality passive, but he eventually isn't used
                    as you progress (so many better, newer heroes). RIP
                    11/24/2021 Spike.
                
Yeonhee
                    is good for field of exploration farming, gold dungeon, and
                    early pvp (AoE auto and Def break skill, AoE stun ult).
                
Claire
                    is a very good pvp hero. Must get (CC push & shackle
                    passive, stun, shackle, conditional buff removal (activates
                    only when enemy has a buff like Spike immortality passive)
                    all in her kit. RIP Spike.
                
Legendary+ hero (Brighter red frame):
        
Cosette
                    (main ranged dealer, farthest range, best dmg output). I
                    recommend aiming for her above all other legendary+ heroes
                    as she remains as the highest dmg dealer to date. She will
                    be used and used and used.
                
Rudy
                    (main tank, boss suppressor and ult protecting allies with
                    link skill, pvp tank with cc duration resistance for all
                    allies),
                
Ming
                    (very good pvp, double AoE stun chain combo, ult gauge
                    reduction every 2 autos, and an ult gauage reduction AoE
                    ult),
                
Valdur
                    (Very good for gold dungeon (AoE autos, better wave clear
                    than yeonhee, also pvp, but loses power over time as newer
                    heroes counter him), as such, falls in the priority list in
                    the legendary + heroes.
                
Shane:
                    Good dps main/sub dealer, will always be used for boss
                    suppression, pvp assassin.
                
You will get legendary + shane for free
                    at 2 mil account power which seems far away but you will
                    get there. So she also falls in the priority list, because
                    she is given out free.
                
So what deck to you recommend for PvE and PvP?
        
Focus on PvE deck first, then PvP.
        
DISCLAIMER:
            These decks are not definitive. I have put example
            team components because many people have asked them. Please
            experiment and see what works best for you.
        
PvE - Novice Deck:
        
PvE - Intermediate Deck:
        
PvE - Advanced Deck:
        
Legendary Rudy, Dellons, Rachel, Karin
                
PvE - Ultimate Deck:
        
or 2 DPS, 1 Ranged
        
PvP - Novice Deck:
        
or 2 AoE Ranged hero
                    and 1 DPS Assassin
                
PvP - Intermediate Deck:
        
PvP - Advanced Deck:
        
PvP - Ultimate Deck:
        
GROWTH DUNGEONS
        
Gold Dungeon
        
Best team:
        
Intermediate level:
        
Novice level:
        
transcend your heroes' max level. The deck
                    I recommend for fastest clear is:
                
A tank
                    (preferably Rachel, if not Kade) for they both have defense
                    break and debuffs.
                
Shay
                    , Miss velvet (MV has Ranged def break/if
                    tank has def break, use serena or rare + lukey instead for
the engine deck), and any                    PvE ranged dealer like Cosette.
                
Defense break
                    is your friend in clearing these dungeons. Play around with
                    heroes and see which are best for clearing these dungeons.
                    Make sure that you always
                    
                        clear the highest level (rare soulstones are much less
                        prioritized)
                    
                    , because legendary soulstones are scarce all throughout
                    the game.
                
Don't buy them with rubies unless you are
                    a heavy, heavy whale. And even whales shouldn't buy them
                    lol. Very inefficient.
                
Elixir Dungeon/Divinity Dungeon
        
Experience Dungeon
        
Scenario Strategy
        
Equipment
        
presets.
        
Presets:
            
                Presets are available for PvP and PvE excluding field of
                exploration and scenarios.
            
        
Don't craft accessories
            because they can come as drops from field of exploration beginning
            from hard mode, and also by chance from raids.
        
DPS/Ranged = Crit 5 set
        
Support = Cooldown 5 set,
        
Tank = Defense 5 set or Block 3 set/Defense 2 set
        
5 set of crit for your dps, prioritize
                    making the weapon +20 and 5 transcend, and
                    don't get too hung up on making the armor +20. You won't
                    have enough enhancement stones anyway. Radiant sets are
                    better, but you will focus on aiming for these in the far,
                    far future.
                
Save up yellow enhancement stones
                    for at least enhancement levels +13 and above because these
                    are rare to come by. Before that, use rare/legendary (red)
                    stones to upgrade according to your best judgment.
                
What to do with raid equipment selection box?:
        
raid material selection box, always go for
            the mercenary token. You can't get these materials in any
            of the raids so they are the hardest equipment set (mercenary set)
            to make.
        
GROWING YOUR ACCOUNT
        
Formation: what to level first?
        
Methods to raise codex buff:
        
1)Proficiency levels
        
These determine your account's power the most.
        
DPS and ranged give 
            attack power stats
             to your codex buff
        
Defense gives 
            defense stats
             to your codex buff
        
Universal and support give 
            health stats
             to your codex buff
        
Highest tier heroes
            give more stats to codex buff.
        
How to gain proficiency exp:
            IMPORTANT! Please read.
        
I recommend using these in 8 man raids
                    since you are able to farm for more proficiency exp with
                    the most amount of heroes (eight) as opposed to 4 heroes
                    for 4 man raids and growth dungeons.
                
clear recharge tickets, they look like
                    yellow timer tickets) as a great source in raising
proficiency levels. I highly recommend                    using clear recharge tickets once you
                    clear the
                    
                        10th tier (level) (obviously, more proficiency exp for
                        higher tiers cleared)
                    
                    of the 8-man single raid.
                
2)Potentials
        
3)Hero levels/hero skill level
        
Field of Exploration
        
What to farm first?
        
4 pieces of forgotten enraged vow
                    (accessory that grants immortality to the equipped hero)
and once you have that move on to                    8 pieces forgotten immortality vow
                    (accessory that resurrects the equipped hero). These are
                    core accessories for PvP.
                
Miscellaneous: Hero and Pet shard fusion:
        
        
            
                As for pet shards, always try to fuse to get higher grade
                shards.
            
            Pet shards are excess shards that are distinctive to your actual
            pet, meaning that you should be using them to obtain higher grade
            pet shards.
        
        
            
                As for heroes, I don't recommend fusing to get higher grade
                shards
            
            because 1) Hero levels also affect your codex buff 2) the max cap
            will eventually extend to 56 for you guys, and 60 eventually (KR is
            getting this lv 60 patch for their 1st anniversary). It is fine to
            fuse common and greater hero shards once you 50 level cap them
            though, since they are easy to come by with gacha.
        
        
        
            That's about all I have for now, I'll update if I have more. I'll
            be happy to help if you have any questions below. Thanks for
            reading this imperfect guide! I would greatly appreciate it if you
            can share with others.
        
        
            Go, and be the best Seven Knights~ <hr/> Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/Seven%20Knight/guide.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/>