---
title: How to upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the latest
  adsense display
description: How to upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the
  latest adsense display.
author: Unknown
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/07/how-to-upgrade-hosted-account-to-non-hosted.html
date: 2017-07-22T02:45:07+07:00
updated: 2017-07-21T19:45:00.000Z
thumbnail: https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-UNoYF1MuqU8/WLrx-G_vDwI/AAAAAAAADYc/pkuJXiffujId6YxjHEopP62TimMsWcPaQCLcB/s1600/akun_triknews.png
cover: https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-UNoYF1MuqU8/WLrx-G_vDwI/AAAAAAAADYc/pkuJXiffujId6YxjHEopP62TimMsWcPaQCLcB/s1600/akun_triknews.png
---

<hr/> [THIS SITE IS MIRROR](https://www.webmanajemen.com) Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/07/how-to-upgrade-hosted-account-to-non-hosted.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/> How to upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the latest adsense display - How to upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the latest adsense display. How to upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the latest adsense display.Before starting the process of upgrading the adsense hosted account to non hosted, it helps you find out what the difference from adsense account is issued by the google. Because google itself that issued adsense account into 2 types, and each account has a different function, especially what type of site will be placed on the ads. 
In about the beginning of January 2017 Google has updated the look of Google Adsense account that makes a little trouble for some publishers who want to monetize the earnings records in their account, this I alamin own confusion mixed anxiously during the process of upgrading the account four days ago, but in the end I found Otherhidden products button that serves to upgrade the hosted hostense account to non hosted. 


Newest adsense display
Ok go back to the topic, There are 2 kinds of google adsense account that we can have google adsense account hosted and Google Adsense account non-hosted, if you register adsense from sites that are still one host with google like blogspot or youtube then you will get adsense account Hosted. Whereas if you apply adsense using a site hosted personally or top level domain (TLD), then google adsense account that you will get the type is a non-hosted account. 
Non-hosted account types can also be combined with youtube account, so earnings from youtube become one with blog earnings. This will facilitate you in terms of receiving payments while managing multiple blogs with multiple youtube channels in one payee address. 
In order for the ad unit code can be displayed on all types of blogs then we need to make changes to the account, by upgrading the adsense hosted account to non hosted. Well how are you interested? 

How to upgrade your hosted adsense account to non hosted
First : make sure your site is already using a top level domain (TLD) or site that you are hosting personally. 
If the blog is still using flatform blogspot, immediately change the blog into TLD. 
Once you have a top level domain site, then please install the ad unit code from your adsense account in the top level domain site you have prepared, you do not have to worry if you have not seen ads because at this stage the ad will only show empty space) 

Second: Add the Site Authorization in to your adsense. 
Authorize the site you should do one of its functions is to upgrade your adsense account from hosted to non-hosted. 
Site authorizations can only be used for top-level domain sites only, the steps for authorizing a site are as follows: 


How to Upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the latest Adsense display

Sign in to your adsense account
Select My Ads
Then Other products
Fill the URL of your site into the form provided
Then press the send button
Upgrade process of hosted account to non hosted has been completed.

Finally , you should implement the AdSense ad code on your blog. 
After that google adsense team will review your blog again, for this process we just wait until google adsense team decided the feasibility of your blog to get full approval, we can wait while still updating the article as usual. If you received a notification by email that your non-hosted google adsense account has been fully activated. For the length of time depends on the google adsense team, usually about 2-3 working hours or maybe more. Depending on the number of queues that apply for adsense account, so you have to be patient. 


How to Upgrade a hosted account to a non hosted version of the latest Adsense display
So our explanation of the article How to Upgrade a hosted account to non hosted adsense version of the latest display Hope can be a reference and useful for you. <hr/> [THIS SITE IS MIRROR](https://www.webmanajemen.com) Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/07/how-to-upgrade-hosted-account-to-non-hosted.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/>