---
title: How to Get Rid of Icon Screwdriver and Pliers Wrenches Quick Edit Wrench
description: How to Get Rid of Icon Screwdriver and Pliers Wrenches Quick Edit Wrench
author: noreply@blogger.com (Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/10/how-to-get-rid-of-icon-screwdriver-and.html
date: 2017-10-24T11:29:00.000Z
updated: 2017-10-24T11:29:00.000Z
---

How to Remove Screwdriver Icons and Pliers (Quick Edit and Wrench). 
Quick Edit Icon and Wrench Icon ( 
icon screwdrivers and pliers
) usually appear on Blogspot Blog when we login. 
The Quick Edit icon (pencil drawing) usually appears at the end of the     post. Its function is to make it easier for bloggers to edit the post.
Just click the pencil icon or image, then bloggers can edit or update     posts. 
Icon Wrench or Screwdriver & Tang appear on every Gadget / Widget in     the sidebar.Functions the same as the quick edit icon, which allows     bloggers to edit the widget on his blog. 
The problem is, some bloggers feel annoyed with these icons. After all we     can edit the widget and post directly on the dashboard. 
After all, the existence of these two icons seems to make our blog so "less     SEO Friendly". The proof, please check in 
    Chkme 
, it will appear 
Image Missing Description & Title,
among which Wrench icon is located at     http://img1.blogblog.com/img/icon18_wrench_allbkg.png . 
In addition, the 
Quick Edit icon and Icon Wrench
apparently make our blogs not Valid HTML, so it should be removed.
    How to Remove Quick Edit Icon and Icon Wrench on Blogspot
1. Dashboard> Template> Edit HTML
2. Find (Ctrl + F) and delete all code <b: include name = 'quickedit'     />
3. Save! 
It's easy, right? 
Every time we add a widget in the sidebar or wherever, the Wrench Icon will     appear, meaning the code <b: include name = 'quickedit' /> will also     appear in the template. Then, each add widget, we must delete it anyway! It so Tired ......! 

            
For Quick Edit which is pictorial pencil, can also be removed by unchecking     Quick Edit in Dashboard: Layout> Blog Post> Edit. 
How to not appear or remove it automatically? 
1. Dashboard> Template> Edit HTML
2. Find the code </ b: skin>
3. Copy the below code and save the above code </ b: skin>.     If it's there, make sure the display is "none". 
.quickedit {display: none;}
4. Save! 
Easy How to Eliminate Quick Edit Icon and Icon Wrench on Blogspot? Good     luck ....!
Similarly How to Eliminate Quick Screwdriver Icons and Tang Quick Edit     Wrench which automatically appear every add new widget in blog.
Good Luck & Happy Blogging!(www.webmanajemen.com). *<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/10/how-to-get-rid-of-icon-screwdriver-and.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>