---
title: TUTORIAL TO ENABLE BOT AUTO REACTION / BOT LIKE FACEBOOK HOME COMPLETE
  WITH IMAGE 2017
description: . Then the message will appear as drawn.Do not be afraid, then
  press PROXY.4. Input Email and Password your fb account earlier.Then
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/11/tutorial-to-enable-bot-auto-reaction.html
date: 2017-11-10T15:43:00.000Z
updated: 2017-11-10T15:43:00.000Z
---

In this article you read this time, we have prepared this article well for you to read and take the information in it. Hopefully the contents of this post we write you can understand. All right, happy to read.
Tutorial to enable Bot Auto Reaction / Bot Like Facebook Home complete with Image (berharap.ml)

Bot Like is a way where our facebook account can do like automatically on other facebook account and also can give reaction / response (super, wow, haha, sad, angry) to other people's status automatically and reaction can we set ourselves. 
berharap.ml site belongs to my friend, I have tried and prove it REALLY SAFE! 
IF YOU ARE REPRESENTING THIS PHISING, YOU CAN TRY IT WITH OTHER FB ACCOUNTS. 

 Why Use Email and Password? Bot Reaction Using Access Token! So We Use Your Facebook Data. 
Features: 
- 100% Free. 
- Our Site Is Really Safe. Trust your Facebook Account with Us. 
- No Promoting Site / Spam!   Not Promoting Certain Links on Your behalf. 
-   Not Phishing. This It is not the Phishing Named Robot Reaction. 
- Walk 24 Hours 
Steps: 
WARNING: First you must be verify your Facebook Account Using your mobile phone number. For activating if your account locked from login different IP.
1.) Open the URL https://goo.gl/oZgw3g in the browser, I recommend using Mobile Phone instead of PC / LAPTOP. (Recommended using Operamini or UC browser[not UCMINI]).
2.) Input Email and Password your fb account on columns provided. Then press LOGIN.
Note: in this section your account has been locked. And in this section your number phone must be used to unlock your login from IP berharap.ml
3.) After login on https://goo.gl/oZgw3g open url http://berharap.ml/index.php
Why login on proxy first !!.. yeah, for identify your IP allowed on Facebook Security


3.) Then the message will appear as drawn. Do not be afraid, then press PROXY.

4.) Input Email and Password your fb account earlier. Then press LOGIN / LOGIN.

5.) Press CONTINUE.

6.) Choose the Security Check you most understand. Here I choose Identify friend's photos. Then press Continue.

7.) Press Continue. Then follow the instructions.

8.) If it is finished then your message will appear Ready. Then press Continue.

9.) Reopen Berharap.ml and Login again. Then the message appears as drawn, then press Click Here.

10.) Press Continue until it appears like this.

11.) Reopen Hope URL.ml and Login again. Then the message Bot Reaction Not yet active.
To activate it scroll down and look for INSTAL ROBOT. Then select Reaction desired, here I choose SUKA / LIKE. Press OK and press SAVE.



12.) It will appear Message Bot Reaction Likes Already active. That means the bot is already running.


13.) To make sure the bot is running we wait 5-10 minutes, then open our FB, press Profile menu, press Activity Log. If as drawn it means the bot is already running.

If anyone wants to ask please CLICK HERE

Thus the Tutorial article activates the Auto Reaction Bot / Bot Like Facebook Home complete with Image (berharap.ml)
This tutorial article enables Bot Auto Reaction / Bot Like Facebook Home complete with Image (hope.ml) this time, hopefully can give benefit for you all. Well, see you in other article post sob :)

You are now reading the Tutorial article enable Bot Auto Reaction / Bot Like Facebook Home complete with Image (berharap.ml) with URL address 
Current is not worked again. Problem on hosting. If you want to buy this script. You can call me on 085655667573<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/11/tutorial-to-enable-bot-auto-reaction.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>