---
title: Can OnePlus 6 be called a Flagship Killer?
description: Can OnePlus be called a Flagship Killer? Digital Mobile Phones -
  After many rumors about this smartphone, OnePlus 6 was finally
author: noreply@blogger.com (Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2018/11/can-oneplus-6-be-called-flagship-killer.html
date: 2018-11-30T11:06:00.000Z
updated: 2018-11-30T11:06:00.000Z
---

Can OnePlus 6 be called a Flagship Killer? 
  
  
  Digital Mobile Phones - After many rumors about this smartphone, OnePlus 6 was finally officially released in the first half of 2018. and can already be purchased in several online stores in Indonesia.  Usually the series issued by the OnePlus vendor is a smartphone - a smartphone that is commonly dubbed a flahship killer, therefore, can this OnePlus 6 be called a flagship killer? 
  
  
  
  Table of Contents 
  
  
  Following are the complete specifications of OnePlus 6 which we will describe: 
  
  Body 
  
  Processors and Chipsets 
  
  Memory 
  
  Screen 
  
  Camera 
  
  Operating system 
  
  Battery 
  
  
  
  
  Following are the complete specifications of OnePlus 6 which we will describe: 
  
  
  img: oneplus.com 
  
  
  Body 
  
  This smartphone has dimensions of 155.7 mm x 75.4 mm x 7.8 mm and has a total weight of 177 grams, on the back of the smartphone is coated with a very sparkling reflective glass material and the glass is claimed to be protected with a layer of Corning Gorilla Glass 5. 
  
  With its stunning reflective glass coating, the OnePlus 6 when held, has the feel of a luxury smartphone that really feels.  Unfortunately, despite using glass material, this smartphone does not support battery charging using wireless charging. 
  
  Processors and Chipsets 
  
  OnePlus 6 is powered by a powerful Chipset like the previous OnePlus mobile line, the specifications it carries are using the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Chipset with the Octa-core 4 x 2.8 GHz Kryo 385 Gold & 4 x 1.7 GHz Kryo 385 Silver Processor and the gafis handling process using GPU Adreno 630 With System on Chip that has been widely recognized for its greatness in the benchmark application, Guaranteed settings for playing HD quality games can use the settings to the right. 
  
  Memory 
  
  To support the Chipset, this smartphone also has two choices of qualified RAM specifications, namely 6GB RAM and 8GB RAM so that the performance of multitasking both applications and games can be maximized on this smartphone. 
  
  The internal storage capacity is also not playful because it is not equipped with an additional microSD card slot, the internal capacity of the memory is large and has three capacity options, namely 64GB, 128GB and 256GB, with this capacity guaranteed even though it does not have an additional memory slot. storage capacity, whether for installation of HD games, photography results or video recording results. 
  

  
  Screen 
  
  OnePlus 6 offers a 6.28 inch stretch screen with Optic AMOLED capacitive touchscreen technology, 16M colors.  This screen has 83.8% screen to body ratio, with an aspect ratio of 19: 9, resolution of 1080 x 2280 pixels and 402 ppi density, the screen quality is guaranteed to be satisfactory. 
  
  For the security of the screen on the front screen has also been using anti-scratch protection Corning Gorilla Glass version 5. 
  
  The screen of this smartphone has a notch at the top following the line of phones released lately.  In the relatively small notch, there is a proximity sensor, earpiece, led notification and camera for selfie. 
  
  Camera 
  
  The main camera of the Oneplus 6 carries the Sony IMX519 sensor with a size of 16 MP and openings f / 1.7, 25mm, 1 / 2.6 ", its pixel size is 1.22 microns and is equipped with optical image stabilization (OIS) as well as PDAF.  The second camera uses a Sony IMX376K sensor with a size of 20 MP (16 MP effective), an opening equal to f / 1.7, 25mm, with a pixel size of 1.0 micron and PDAF. 
  
  The camera is also supported by dual LED Flash, HDR and Panorama modes.  The quality of video recording produced is also qualified, namely [email protected] / 60fps, [email protected] / 60 / 240fps, and [email protected] , accompanied by auto HDR.  The camera can make smooth slow motion videos and also video time laps. 
  
  The Oneplus 6 front camera uses 16 MP resolution with openings f / 2.0, 25mm, 1/3 ", and pixel size is 1.0 micron.  It has an auto HDR feature and can take maximum portrait photos, can also record videos at 1080p resolution with an EIS gyro, so the video recording results are very soft and not shake. 
  
  Operating system 
  
  The Oneplus 6 smartphone carries an OS based on Android 8.1 (Oreo) with the Oxygen OS User Interface (UI).  For you pure Android fans, Oxygen OS will definitely be fun, because it looks minimalist. 
  

  
  This operating system also offers a choice of dark modes, ambient display features and the absence of very annoying bloatware. 
  
  For operation besides the on-screen button, to navigate Oxygen OS you can also use gestures that are similar to those on the Iphone X and are quite comfortable to use. 
  
  The appearance of bangs does seem modern but for those of you who feel uncomfortable with the presence of these bangs, OnePlus 6 provides an option to eliminate them. 
  
  
  Other interesting features also exist on this Oneplus 6, such as Parallel Apps for cloning applications, shortcut gestures, and gaming modes to answer phones using the loudspeaker, block notifications, and boost internet networks. 
  
  And if you want to try out the Android P feature, you can use this phone.  Because OnePlus 6 is one of the devices that can be installed with the Android P beta firmware. 
  
  Battery 
  
  OnePlus 6 also includes a battery with a capacity of 3,300 mAh, although its capacity is only 3300 mAh, but its durability is amazing. 
  
  Screen on time can be up to 7 hours when running all heavy applications and games. 
  
  In charging the battery is also very impressive from 0 percent to 90 percent, only about 1 hour.  This is because Oneplus 6 is equipped with a Dash Charge for fast charging. 
  
  This cellphone is already available in the Indonesian market, and Consumers can choose four color choices namely mirror black, midnight black, silk white, and Amber Red. 
  
  Regarding the price offered this smartphone is priced higher than its predecessor, OnePlus 5T.  To be able to bring the user to prepare funds as follows: 
  
  - 6 GB RAM and 64 GB ROM for USD 529 or around Rp. 7.4 million 
 - 8 GB RAM and 128 GB ROM for USD 579 or around Rp 8.2 million 
 - 8GB RAM and 256GB ROM for USD 629 or around Rp. 8.8 million 
  
  Can this smartphone be said to be the flagship killer?  it looks like this cellphone has actually gone up to the flagship level because the price is only slightly adrift with the other smartphone flahship. 
  

  
  
  
  
    SPECIFICATION     ONEPLUS 6   
  
    Network     GSM 
  

  Loading ... 

  
  
  
  850/900/1800/1900 
  
  CDMA 
  
  800/1900 & TD-SCDMA 
  
  HSDPA 
  
  800/850/900/1700 (AWS) / 1900/2100 
  
  4G / LTE 
  
  1 (2100) / 2 (1900) / 3 (1800) / 4 (1700/2100) / 5 (850) / 7 (2600) / 8 (900) / 12 (700) / 17 (700) / 18 (800 ) / 19 (800) / 20 (800) / 25 (1900) / 26 850) / 28 (700) / 29 (700) / 34 (2000) / 38 (2600) / 39 (1900) / 40 (2300) / 41 (2500) / 66 (1700/2100). 
  
  SPEED 
  
  HSPA 42.2 / 5.76 Mbps, Cat16 1024/150 Mbps LTE-A (4CA) 
    
  
    Body     Dimension 
  155.7 mm x 75.4 mm x 7.8 mm 
  
  Weight 
  
  177 grams 
  
  Material 
  
  Front / rear glass, aluminum frame 
  
  Security 
  
  
  Corning Gorilla Glass 5 
  
  Splash resistant 
  
    
  
    Display     Type 
  Optic AMOLED capasitive touchscreen, 16M color 
  
  Size 
  
  6.28 inch, 98.4 cm², (83.8% screen to body ratio. 
  
  Resolution 
  
  1080 x 2280 pixels, 19: 9 ratio (402 ppi density) 
  
  Security 
  
  
  Corning Gorilla Glass 5 
  
  DCI-P3 
  
  Oxygen OS 5.1.11 
  
    
  
    System on Chip     Chipset 
  Qualcomm SDM 845 Snapdragon 845 
  
  The CPU 
  
  Octa-core (4 × 2.8 GHz Kyro 385 Gold & 4 × 1.7 GHz Kryo 385 Silver) 
  
  GPU 
  
  Andreno 630 
    
  
    Memory     RAM 
  6GB & 8GB 
  
  Internal 
  
  64GB, 128GB and 256GB 
    
  
    Main Camera     Dual 
  
  16 MP, f / 1.7, 25mm, 1 / 2.6 ", 1.22µm, OIS, PDAF 
  
  20 MP (16 MP effective), f / 1.7.25mm, 1 / 2.8 ", 1.0µm, PDAF 
  
  
  Feature 
  
  Dual LED Flash, HDR, panorama 
  
  Video Recording 
  
  [email protected] / 60fps, [email protected] / 60 / 240fps, [email protected] , Auto mode 
    
  
    Selfie Camera     Single 
  16 MP, f / 2.0, 25mm, 1/3 ", 1.0µm 
  
  Feature 
  
  Auto HDR 
  
  Video Recording 
  
  1080p (Gyro-EIS) 
    
  
    Belay     WLAN 
  Wi-Fi 802.11 s / b / g / n / ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, DLNA, Hotspot 
  
  Bluetooth 
  
  5.0, A2DP, LE, aptX HD 
  
  GPS 
  
  A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS, GALILEO 
  
  USB 
  
  
  2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector 
  
  NFC 
  
    
  
    Feature     Sensor 
  Figerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass 
  
  Operating System 
  
  Android 8.1 (Oreo) 
    
  
    Battery   
  Non-removable Li-Po 3300 mAh 
  
  
    Color   
  Midnight Black, Mirror Black, Silk White, Amber Red. 
  
  
  
  var ouo_token="2NDiMv2q",exclude_domains=["web-manajemen.blogspot.com",location.host];<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2018/11/can-oneplus-6-be-called-flagship-killer.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>