---
title: How to Remove Blogger sidebar and make spesific pages at full width
description: This one is a famous request inBlogger Help Forum- instructions to
  shroud the sidebar on one of the static pages, and make the principle
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/05/remove-blogger-sidebar-and-maximize-main-pages-content.html
date: 2017-05-01T12:22:00.000Z
updated: 2017-05-01T12:22:00.000Z
---

This one is a famous request in Blogger Help Forum - instructions to shroud the sidebar on one of the static pages, and make the principle blog appear in full width in that page, and in that page alone. As a rule, I'd give a customize answer for every asker, as every one of them had diverse blog with various format that had distinctive settings. Today, I at long last set aside the opportunity to sum up this change. Anybody can utilize the arrangement in this page, and you'll get what you need - allude to the title, I'm not going to rehash what this instructional exercise does. Or, on the other hand possibly I will. You get the opportunity to conceal your sidebars (doesn't make a difference left, right or both) and utilize that space to extend your fundamental posting territory, on pages that you pick. You can apply this change both on your static pages or potentially your post pages (the page that heaps when you tap on the title of your posts).


Live DEMO
Did I mention that this is a one-step tutorial?

Step 1: 
Backup Template (export on themes section) - Close -  Edit HTML - Proceed - Find for </b:skin> - Paste the following codes below </b:skin> - Change the URL in Line 1 to the URL of your page.
HERE THE CODE
The code set up:




Once more, remember to change the deliver in Line 1 to the address of your page. In the event that you need to apply the change to more than a page, simply duplicate and glue another arrangement of comparable code underneath the first, and place the other page's address on the second code. On the off chance that you need to apply the change to the majority of your static pages, see the Reward segment beneath.

If you consider it, here i give bonus:
In the event that you need to apply the change to the greater part of your pages, rather than tending to the page one by one, utilize the accompanying code:
HERE THE CODE
To apply the change to all your post-pages (the page that opens when you tap on the title of your post), which won't not be a smart thought, utilize the code underneath:
HERE THE CODE
That will be help all people, now go have a great time.
Think this article help you ?? .. Please click one time the ads on this website.. ONCE TIME ONLY... That would be help me... Thank you..<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/05/remove-blogger-sidebar-and-maximize-main-pages-content.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>