---
title: Increase Performance Android Studio
description: You can speed up your Eclipse or Android Studio work, you just follow these
author: Kus Wati
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2020/02/increase-performance-android-studio.html
date: 2020-03-29T20:45:31+07:00
updated: 2020-02-24T22:25:00.000Z
thumbnail: https://res.cloudinary.com/dimaslanjaka/image/fetch/https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/android-studio-logo.png?w=730&crop=1
cover: https://res.cloudinary.com/dimaslanjaka/image/fetch/https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/android-studio-logo.png?w=730&crop=1
---

<hr/> [THIS SITE IS MIRROR](https://www.webmanajemen.com) Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2020/02/increase-performance-android-studio.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/> Increase Performance Android Studio - You can speed up your Eclipse or Android Studio work, you just follow these Solver 1
   You can speed up your Eclipse or Android Studio work, you just follow   these: 
  
    Open your single project   
  
    clean your project after running your app in emulator every time   
  
    use mobile/external device instead of emulator   
  
    don't close emulator after using once, use same emulator for running     app each time   
  
          Disable VCS by using File->Settings->Plugins and disable the       following things :       
        
CVS Integration
        
Git Integration (Git & Github)
        
Google Cloud Tools for Android Studio
        
Subversion Integration
        
Firebase (Optional)
      
      

  I am also using Android Studio with 4-GB installed main memory but   following these statements really boost my Android Studio performance. 
 Solver 2
   
    Android Studio (up to 1.5GB)   
  
    The IDE's JVM is configured to have a max heap size. You can see this     in the lower-right corner of the main interface:   
  
                
  
    You can reduce this by editing the           memory-related settings         in           the .vmoptions file         . For example, I changed my max heap size to 512MB:   
  
-Xmx512m

  
    Unfortunately, I found that lowering this value increases the frequency     of Android Studio temporarily freezing, perhaps to do its garbage     collection.   
  
    Gradle (up to 1.5GB)   
  
    Gradle can also use a lot of RAM after developing for a while. Windows     just shows it as Java(TM) Platform SE Binary:   
  
                
  
    You can fix this by changing the Gradle JVM options. You can do this on     a per-user basis by editing           gradle.properties        :   
  
    
      Open the gradle.properties file, creating it if it       doesn't exist:       
        
          Windows: %USERPROFILE%\.gradle\gradle.properties        
        
          Linux/Mac: ~/.gradle/gradle.properties        
      
    
    
      
        Update the org.gradle.jvmargs property, creating         it if necessary. I set mine to this:       
      
org.gradle.jvmargs=-Xmx256m -XX:MaxPermSize=256m -XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8

    
  
  
    I haven't noticed any difference in build performance for my small     project with the max heap size set to 256MB (-Xmx256m).   
  
    Note that you might need to restart Android Studio so the old    Gradle process is killed; otherwise you might end up with both running     at the same time.   
  
    Emulator   
  
    Regarding the emulator taking up a lot of your RAM, your screenshot     shows it taking about 800MB. You can choose how much RAM to allocate to     the emulator:   
  
    
      Edit the AVD     
    
      Press Show Advanced Settings    
    
      Reduce the value of RAM    
  
  
                

      
  
 
Definition
   

  
          Android Studio has recently published an official guide for       low-memory machines:               Guide             
  
    If you are running Android Studio on a machine with less than the     recommended specifications (see System Requirements), you can customize     the IDE to improve performance on your machine, as follows:   
  
    
      
                  Reduce the maximum heap size available to Android Studio                 : Reduce the maximum heap size for Android Studio to 512Mb.       
    
    
      
                  Update Gradle and the Android plugin for Gradle                 : Update to the latest versions of Gradle and the Android         plugin for Gradle to ensure you are taking advantage of the         latest improvements for performance.       
    
    
      
        Enable Power Save Mode        : Enabling Power Save Mode turns off a number of memory- and         battery-intensive background operations, including error         highlighting and on-the-fly inspections, autopopup code         completion, and automatic incremental background compilation.         To turn on Power Save Mode, click File > Power Save Mode.       
    
    
      
        Disable unnecessary lint checks        : To change which lint checks Android Studio runs on your code,         proceed as follows: Click File > Settings (on a Mac, Android         Studio > Preferences) to open the Settings dialog.In the         left pane, expand the Editor section and click Inspections.         Click the checkboxes to select or deselect lint checks as         appropriate for your project. Click Apply or OK to save your         changes.       
    
    
      
        Debug on a physical device        : Debugging on an emulator uses more memory than debugging on a         physical device, so you can improve overall performance for         Android Studio by debugging on a physical device.       
    
    
      
                  Include only necessary Google Play Services as dependencies                 : Including Google Play Services as dependencies in your         project increases the amount of memory necessary. Only include         necessary dependencies to improve memory usage and performance.         For more information, see Add Google Play Services to Your         Project.       
    
    
      
                  Reduce the maximum heap size available for DEX file           compilation                 : Set the javaMaxHeapSize for DEX file compilation to 200m. For         more information, see                   Improve build times by configuring DEX resources                 .       
    
    
      
        Do not enable parallel compilation        : Android Studio can compile independent modules in parallel,         but if you have a low-memory system you should not turn on this         feature. To check this setting, proceed as follows: Click File         > Settings (on a Mac, Android Studio > Preferences) to         open the Settings dialog. In the left pane, expand Build,         Execution, Deployment and then click Compiler. Ensure that the         Compile independent modules in parallel option is unchecked.If         you have made a change, click Apply or OK for your change to         take effect.       
    
    
      
        Turn on Offline Mode for Gradle        : If you have limited bandwitch, turn on Offline Mode to         prevent Gradle from attempting to download missing dependencies         during your build. When Offline Mode is on, Gradle will issue a         build failure if you are missing any dependencies, instead of         attempting to download them. To turn on Offline Mode, proceed         as follows:       
      
        
          
            Click File > Settings (on a Mac, Android Studio >             Preferences) to open the Settings dialog.           
        
        
          
            In the left pane, expand Build, Execution, Deployment             and then click Gradle.           
        
        
          
            Under Global Gradle settings, check the Offline work             checkbox.           
        
        
          
            Click Apply or OK for your changes to take effect.           
        
      
    
  
 
Another tweak
  
in Android Studio settings > compile enable checkbox Compile independent modules in       parallel.
  
Under Help > Edit Custom VM Options
  
-Xms1024m
-Xmx4096m # <------ increase this to most of your RAM
-XX:MaxPermSize=1024m
-XX:ReservedCodeCacheSize=440m
-XX:+UseCompressedOops
-XX:-HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError
-Dfile.encoding=UTF-8
  
Android studio 3.5 makes easier to change same of those values.
  
Preferences > Appearance & Behavior > System Settings > Memory Settings <hr/> [THIS SITE IS MIRROR](https://www.webmanajemen.com) Skip to Full Contents <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2020/02/increase-performance-android-studio.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a> <hr/>