---
title: List of weapon buff materials, effects and how it can be durango wild lands
description: Weapons are one of the most important elements in durango games,
  whatever we do in the game definitely requires
author: noreply@blogger.com (Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2018/07/list-of-weapon-buff-materials-effects.html
date: 2018-07-07T15:55:00.000Z
updated: 2018-07-07T15:55:00.000Z
---

Weapons are one of the most important elements in durango games,         whatever we do in the game definitely requires weapons. whether it's         fighting, taming dinosaurs, collecting materials to make items done         with weapons and tools.     
    
        therefore almost most of the durango players end up choosing wpc as         their main job.     
    
        but there are many things you need to know in making weapons, one of         them is a buff.     

    there are many types of buffs for weapons in this game, all buffs are     divided into 3 ie buff (marked in yellow) debuff (marked by ash) rare buff     (marked in green). 
    well this time we will discuss the yellow and gray buff, for the green buff     I have previously discussed so you can directly read it by clicking the     link below. 
    
        Read:                     Type of green buffer type and its effect durango wild lands             
 
    Buff from raw materials 
    I. Buff from Bones: 
    
    

    1. Firm (strong) 
    
    Material: 
    
        Tarbosaurus bone (large bone, leg bone, ribs)     
    
        Sabertooth bones (skull, leg bone)     

    Effect: 
    The effect of this buff is as an additional attack when     you make any weapon with a hard buffed bone then the weapon will get     additional damage buff to the enemy, so very useful in all weapons, ranging     from arrows to melee weapons. to further enhance the effect you can combine     with the buff str of the food. 
    2. Compact structure (compact structure) 
    
    Material: 
    
        Stegosaurus bones (large bones, leg bones, ribs)     
    
        Tuojiangosaurus bone (large leg bone)     

    Effect: 
The effect of this buff is as an    active buff lethality (death) . the effect of the     self-mortality buff is to add a critical chance so that when you fight the     enemy you are likely to issue a greater critical effect. You can maximize     it by eating DEX berth food. 
    3. High Density (High density) 
    
    Material: 
    
        Centrosaurus bones (large leg bones, ribs)     

    Effect: 
    The effect of this buff is as the addition of durability    to the weapon / tool you will make. this is what makes these buffs suitable     for use in weapons and work tools, extending the durability of weapons     means that the weapons you will make can last longer and of course the     price of weapons is also much more expensive. 
    4. Leightweight (Light) 
    
    Material: 
    
        Parasaurolophus (large leg bone, ribs)     

    Effect: 
    The effects of this buff are very useful for long-range weapons such as bow and xbow users, since the effect of this buff is    an increase in Accuracy so that the attack is not missed. 
    II. Debuff from the Bones: 
    besides the buff there is also a debuff name, as I said above, this debuff     is the negative effect (inverse) of the buff. I will give a short list     below 
    1. Low Density (Low Density) (Debuff Durability) 
    
    ingredients: 
    
        Dilophosaurus bones     
    
        Bone tarbosaurus     

    2. Weak structure (Deformed structure) (Debuff Death) 
    
    Material: 
    
        The bone of sabertooth     
    
        Bone Parasaurolophus     

    3. Soft (soft) (debuff attack) 
    Material: 
    
        Centrosaurus bone     

    4. Heavy (weight) (Debuff Accuracy) 
    Material: 
    
        Stegosaurus bone     
    
        Tuojiangosaurus bone     

    III. Buff from Mine: 
    1. Compact struct (compact structure) 
    Material: 
    
        Brass (fusion of iron ore + zinc)     

    Effect: 
The effect of this buff is as an    active buff lethality (death) . the effect of the     self-mortality buff is to add a critical chance so that when you fight the     enemy you are likely to issue a greater critical effect. You can maximize     it by eating DEX berth food. 
    2. High Density (high density) 
    Material: 
    
        Bronze (fusion of iron ore + tin)     

    Effect: 
    The effect of this buff is as the addition of durability    to the weapon / tool you will make. this is what makes these buffs suitable     for use in weapons and work tools, extending the durability of weapons     means that the weapons you will make can last longer and of course the     price of weapons is also much more expensive. 
    3. Firm (strong) 
    Material: 
    
        Iron (iron ore) that has been rifined into the furnace     

    Effect 
    The effect of this buff is as an additional attack when     you make any weapon with a hard buffed bone then the weapon will get     additional damage buff to the enemy, so very useful in all weapons, ranging     from arrows to melee weapons. to enable this buff you need to merefined the     iron ore into the furnace first, or this buff will not appear. 
    
        When making weapons try to eat dex and willy bacon foods, why? because         the buff can increase the result of the weapon to be made     
    
        Read more:                     type of food buff and its use Durango wild lands             

    Buff from Processing 
    I. processing of bone material 
    1. Material Compression (material compression) 
    Effect: 
The effect of bone through this process is as the    addition of durability to the weapon that will be later,     so after the bone in the trim / cut then you proceed into this process then     your weapon will get additional durability, the more diperoses the     durability given the longer. 
    2. Material surface (surface material) 
    Effect: 
The effect of bone through this process is as    an increase in the accuracy of the weapon, I suggest if     you want to make a bow then perbanyaklah this process because the more the     process then the accuracy is also given greater. 
    3. Percision material (processing with speed) 
    Effect: 
    The effect of this processing is the addition of the death buff that will     be useful to increase the chance of the release of critical effects 
    4. Debris material (debris) 
    Effect: 
    The effect of bone that is first processed by processing in is the     increased attack of the weapon that will be produced later, the more this     process then the weapon produced will have a large damage as well. 
    II. processing of Mining materials 
    1. Smelt Metal (melting material) 
    Effect: 
    The effect of minerals through this process is 2 at the same time that the             increase of the death buff as much as 2 levels and the increase of         accuracy buff as much as 1 lv         . so stay only how many times you process it, if 2x means death buff lv 4     and buff accuracy lv 2, and so on. 
    2. Carbonized Metal (reducing carbon level) 
    Effect: 
    The effect of this processing is the addition of attack ,     so the damage generated to the enemy is greater, the more repetition of     this process then the resulting damage is also greater. 
    3. Desulfurized Metal (removes sulfur) 
    Effect: 
the effect of this one metal processing is the    provision of additional durability to the weapon so the     weapons produced can last longer, the more you repeat this process the     longer the durability of the weapon. 
    Buff from the decoration 
    if the buff of the weapon ornament you can directly apply with the bone /     stone usual and the result will add the buff to the weapon according to     modification, so I just give the list briefly. 
    - Rock decoration = Buff End addition 
    - Decorative bone = addition of Buff Will 
    - Dental decoration = Buff buffer Agility and Buff Will 
    - Ornament ivory = addition of Buff End and Buff Str 
    
        Next:                     how to create / add green buff on wild wild durango weapon             
    
        Next:                     [guide] tips and tricks around wpc durango wild lands             

    That's the list of buffs you can get to improve the usability of the     weapons, use them properly and make your best weapon. 
    if it feels there is salh or less complete you can just comment below and     immediately I will menjawahnya. 
    visit Rifaldy.com for more interesting info about other durango. still want     another artikle? You can read other tips and tricks around Durango             here         until you meet at the next article<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2018/07/list-of-weapon-buff-materials-effects.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>