---
title: Beware Google DeIndex Read the 12 Causes and Solutions Here
description: Beware Google DeIndex Read the 12 Causes and Solutions Here
author: noreply@blogger.com (Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/10/beware-google-deindex-read-12-causes.html
date: 2017-10-01T19:59:00.000Z
updated: 2017-10-01T19:59:00.000Z
---

The solutions and causes of Google deindex.
Ever felt hit deindex? One of the blogs that I manage, had experienced it.
Getting blogs netted deindexed is terrible. Although only one violation you committed, the fact is Google will wipe your entire domain.
Want to quickly overcome Google deindex to get back to normal. Unfortunately, this can not be completed overnight. In such situations, the phrase ' better to prevent than to cure ' is more clearly defined.   Google deindex penalty becomes the most bitter experience of a blogger than denied Adsense. Both make the spirit of blogging directly shutdown.
Traffic drops dramatically. All the pageone articles disappeared somewhere hidden. The effect really makes a somersault.   The best way out is to try to find a reason and understand why Google has the heart to drop a deindex penalty on your website. 

    How To Know Blogs Get DeIndex 
Google Deindex is the disappearance of website content in Google search     engine search results. In the case of deindex, the web can still be     accessed by the blog admin as well as the visitor via a link other than the search engine.
Different with banned, where blog or website entirely can not be entered by visitors even admin     though.
The most easily recognizable deindex symptom is the dramatically reduced     traffic.Especially for those of you who rely on organic traffic with the     primary source of visitors coming from Google. 
The easiest way to find blog deindex or not, you can use the search query " site:http://yourdomainname". If you're still unsure about using the query on one or your article, for     example "site:ArticleURL". 
Your blog is positively attacked by deindex, if results appear on the     search engine page as shown below.

In addition, to ensure that your blog is safe from deindex, go to the Search Console page -> Search Traffic -> Manual Actions . If the result says " No manual webspam action found " it means your website is still lucky. (view image)


        Causes Google's DeIndex and the Solution     
Google's explanation of deindex sometimes a little confusing, so here I     need to explain why blogs get exposed to a red report from Google. For how     to restore Google deindex will not be separated from the way out according     to the issues below.     
1. Noindex errors     

    
This is a simple mistake that often happens.     
Related to the operation of a blog, Google provides a feature called    robot.txt to navigate the work of robot crawling. Indexed or not a     page depends on the settings of the commands you input on this feature.     
If through the feature you have accidentally asked Google not to index your     website, then deindex will definitely happen.     
For that, always check your robot text settings. Who knows there was an     error that you did not intentionally.     
The solution     
For bloggers, go to the Settingsmenu ->Search Preferences ->    Custom robots.txt .     
Let it be safe, setting robot.txt to its default version.     
For wordpress, from Dashboard ->    Setting Reading .     
Check that the ' noindex ' parameter does not appear in the     robots.txt file, the root directory, the web directory, or any of your meta     data (the <head> section of the HTML page).     
2. Expired domain name     
Do not forget to renew your domain name. If it gets late, the risk of     websites disappearing automatically is inevitable. The result is     predictable. Your website is deindex.     
The solution     
Always check your domain. Check regularly, do not get past expiration date.     If necessary mark on calendar.Upgrade before maturity.     
Or login to your domain provider and select ' Auto Upgrade '.     Later automatically your domain payment is updated when the time comes - as     long as there is money in your account!     
3. Server Crashes     
Many reliable servers in Indonesia.But when your host's web server     is down , and if it happens to be a Googlebot inspection then your web condition is unstable (normal), this can cause your domain to be    delisted or even deindexedaltogether.     
The solution     
If you think the website is deindexed, check your web host .Did it     happen ' crash ' in the period before the deindex. Otherwise your     site must be reindexed to the next Googlebot crawl.     
This effort is expected to allow the web page to re-appear in the next rank     change. This process takes time until your original rank is fully     recovered.     
4. Broken Links     

    
Many people put outbound links on their web, but are rarely controlled.For     a long time they like no matter the status of the link. Whether it is alive     or dead.     
This often happens where the link leads to another web that used to exist     and disappeared for a reason so that the link status becomes damaged or     dead ( broken link ).     
Too many links to inactive web pages can reduce Google's sympathy for your     blog. The page rank in search engines can go down because your blog is     considered a lot of leaks and unkempt.     
The solution     
Use Search Console (Google Webmaster Tool) or a freechecker link to check your links, one of them    drlinkcheck . This tool will highlight all the     non-active links on your site.Make minimum checks once a month to make sure     all your links are healthy.     
5. Outbound links overload in a short time     
If too many of your links lead to other web pages ( outbound links    ) in a short time, deindex could happen.Google considers this to be     evidence that you are involved in a link sharing or link-buying activity. 

The search engines must have seen the strangeness of the activity. They can     assume your web has been hacked by people smuggling their links on your     site.     
The solution     
Build outbound links and inbound links slowly. Do not use     any software, let alone buy links. When detected by Google, the club will     feel painful. 
Google prefers natural backlinks from people who are impressed with your     content. Positive services to visitors is what will boost your website     ranking. Believe me, artificial links can actually turn off your blog. 
6. Hidden Links (hidden link) 
In addition to unnatural backlinks, Google can also stop your blogging     activity due to 
hidden links
(hidden links) that you plant. 
Hidden links are links with the same color as the page background (such as     white text on a white or black background with black). 
If this blackhat technique you still use, when detected by Google, your web can disappear     instantly from search engine. You also need to be careful. A hacker could     just sneak this link into a web page without you even knowing it. Because     this way gives them free affiliate links without any risk.
The solution 
Occasionally check the source code of your page (press CTRL + U), to detect any links that should not exist.     Use a text editor to search.Check the color format of its HTML text, and     make sure it's your link.
7. Content poor quality 
Some sites initially operate fairly.Until the webmaster start lazy and     saturated. They start creating content with automated software.The result,     spelling and grammatically chaotic results in spam-detected blogs. 
There are sources that say, bad spelling and grammar could trigger Google's     punishment. 
The solution 
Fix your spelling and grammar. Do not use any software to generate content.     Because it can appear homonym in the article text that can confuse your web     users. 
If your 
English writing skill is
mediocre, there is no harm in hiring the services of English article     writers. 
Affiliate links are exaggerated 
Google's work ethic is to let its users find useful information. Web pages     filled with affiliate links especially for commercial products are hated by     Google. 
Delisting
can be a special gift for the web like that.
The solution 
Do not just post affiliate links, include product reviews in detail.Write     clearly what its advantages and disadvantages, how the registration     process, and others.After that, affiliate links may be included.
9. Duplicate Content

There are still bloggers who pioneered blogs with capital copying intact     from writing people.It's okay, as long as guns are caught the same that     have articles and raids from Google.
Importantly, make sure every duplicate in your web is controlled using the     ' 
noindex
' attribute, or the canonical attribute on the duplicate page. Customize     which is more appropriate. 
Recommended
If you can, do not do that! Write down all your own content, or hire     someone to do your work.
10. Auto Generated Content (Scraping Content)
Scraping content means taking content from one site to another.Results from     collected content are 
spinned
again to create new content. The media used is usually a software that is     sold freely online. 

If someone says it's safe, that's a lie.This is just another form of     duplicate content. If used extensively, chances are your website can be 
delisted
( 
banned
) by Google. 

So be careful, because the main target Panda algorithm targeting on this     form of cheating. 
The solution 
If you already use scraping or spinner content, then it is better to delete     all pages containing the element. Or you rewrite the content with your own     words.
Execution may be canceled as long as you fix this problem immediately, even     if your page rank goes down. 
But deindex can still happen if the virus has spread across your website     and always repeats itself during a certain period. 

11. Cloaking and Doorway Pages
Cloaking page is a way used to manipulate website content.Content will be     displayed and differentiated depending on who the visitor is. 
If that comes spidernya search engine, then the content appears like an     article in general. But when the visitors are human, which appears only 
summary news only.To read it we must register or login first.
While the doorway page understanding is almost the same as cloaking, it's just that the web     content is not manipulated. The goal is to create many web pages that will     link to the desired web page via redirecting or with certain tricks for     visitors to click on the link.
The solution 
Keep this in mind, Google insists that the content that appears on the     search page must be the same as that displayed to the user, and vice versa. 
Avoid cloaking techniques or doorwaypage. Never once try to play Google in     any way. 
12. Google Algorithm Update 
Of course you also know, Google often update their algorithms related     aspects of search, indexing, and ranking. There are 
Pandas ,Penguins 1 & 2, and most recently Google updates the Page Layout algorithm.
For the latter algorithm, Google strictly sanctioned the content-poor web     pages in the "On Flip" area.Ad-dominated pages and graphics on onflip can fall in the rankings     in the hands of Google.
on flip = the top of the page viewed the earliest by the visitor without     scrolling 
The solution 
If your website has been deindexed, check whether the event coincides with     the launch of each update algorithm. If so, learn about the characteristics     of the algorithm that is going on. 
Next, modify your website or blog to fit the needs desired by the     algorithm. 
Find more information about Google post updates on 
Google Hummingbird and Google Algorithm Update.
    Deindex Recovery Tips
If you receive a Google warning regarding unnatural links, remove the link.     If it's hard to remove backlinks, use the tools available in the Google     Webmaster tool that is 
Google Disavow Tool.
Review your entire web, ranging from Title and Description Meta tags, and     make sure your content is unique. Check your web to the Copyscape site to ensure the appearance of duplicate content.
If your website has been deindexed ... .. Do not despair! Your web ranking     can still be restored. It takes time. 
Avoid the 12 causes of deindex that I have discussed above. To be safe from     deindex, follow the existing solutions. 
May be useful. End of saying "SAY NO TO COPY PASTE". Thanks.
wasallam.<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/10/beware-google-deindex-read-12-causes.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>