---
title: How to Make HTML Without Text Format pre tags and tag code
description: "Text HTML Tutorial Part : How to Make HTML Without Text Format pre
  tags and tag code In the HTML, to display the text in order"
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/04/how-to-make-html-without-text-format.html
date: 2017-04-30T03:24:00.000Z
updated: 2017-04-30T03:24:00.000Z
---

Text HTML Tutorial Part 8: How to Make HTML Without Text Format (pre tags     and tag code) 

In the HTML, to display the text in order to             perform with the space and the characters in the original (text with no formatting) we need a custom tag, the tag<pre>. If in ordinary tags,            HTML will ignore the spaces between the characters             (if there is more than one space, respectively), the text inside the tag <pre> will be displayed with the            'what'.        


HTML            Text In this tutorial we will discuss about                             How to Make HTML Text Format Without using the <pre> and                 <code>                         .         

        Tag <pre> To Make Preformatted Text HTML     
<Pre>            tag stands for Preformatted Text.As the name             implies, this tag is used for text 'yet formatted. If the             text is inputted into the <pre>, the HTML             will display the text in accordance with the 'what'. Text             will be displayed according to how the text is created, including             the existing spaces.         
<Pre>            tag belongs to the group of block-level element, so that             will be displayed in a new line, separate from the existing text             before this tag.         
Here is an example of how to write and use            <pre> tag in the HTML:         

  <! DOCTYPE html>
 <Html>
 <Head>
 <Title> Learn HTML in Duniailkom </ title>
 </ Head>
 <Body>
 <H3> I'm learning HTML in Duniailkom.com </ h3>
 <Pre>
 Spaces in part 
 This will be displayed
  with what
  </ Pre>
 </ Body>
 </ Html> 




As seen, the space will still be shown as written. Also the type of
font used is usually the font type "monospace" which has
the same character length for each letter.

<Pre>            tag is also often used to create a sample program. The entire
sample code in this duniailkom appear within            <pre>. But we have to convert the characters
"<" and ">" into the character HTML Entity. 


        <Code> for Writing Code     
As the name implies, the <code> is intended             to insert code into the HTML.Generally, the web browser will             display the text inside the tag <code>equals the font tag <pre>, ie witha monospacedfont, but with the difference that the            <code> will remove all spaces are more than             one.         

<Code>            includes a group of inline-level element, and follows the contours             of the existing text.         

Here is an example of how to write and use            <code> in HTML:         

  <! DOCTYPE html>
 <Html>
 <Head>
 <Title> Learn HTML in Duniailkom </ title>
 </ Head>
 <Body>
 <H3> I'm learning HTML in Duniailkom.com </ h3>
 <P> HTML stands 
 <Code> Hypertext Markup Language </ code> </ p>
 </ Body>
 </ Html> 

                                    
From the examples it can be seen the difference of the<pre> and <code>.            <Pre> tag is a block element, while the<code> is an inline element.            <Pre> tag will display the entire text without reformatting spaces, but in the            <code>,if found space characters with more             than 1, then only one is used.         

                            
In addition to using the <pre>and                <code>, the HTMLversion                 of 4:01 has the <tt>which will produce the same display with <code>. The                <tt>stands Teletype,and will be displayed with the font                "monospaced".            

HTML5declare the                    <tt>:deprecated, which                     means that it is advisable to use, and is not likely to be                     supported web browser. You may each find this tag,                     especially in the old site.<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/04/how-to-make-html-without-text-format.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>