---
title: Actually, What is Internet Marketing?
description: countDown;
author: noreply@blogger.com (Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2018/02/actually-what-is-internet-marketing.html
date: 2018-02-12T19:11:00.000Z
updated: 2018-02-12T19:11:00.000Z
---

Marketing Online Or Internet Marketing Its SamecountDown();
 
What is Internet Marketing ?
Maybe all this time our understanding of internet marketing it is just selling via the internet. Actually it is not wrong because if viewed from the definition, internet marketing it is marketing online via internet. However, if we already talk marketing, it means not only sales but also including promotion, branding, and foster customer relationships (customer service) is done online.
Then, what's the point we are doing internet marketing (online marketing)?     Surely every businessman, be it offline business owners or online business     owners, would want to increase their sales results or want to make their     brand more famous again. Well, the internet is one of the excellent media     to provide information to internet users (netter) about their business, and     also as a medium to sell their products. 
In order to facilitate us to better understand about internet marketing, I     will try to explain in a more simple way and provide some examples of     internet marketing form commonly done by the internet marketers.Forms internet marketing that we can divide into 2 parts, namely as    Source of Income , and Way of Promotion .     What is done in internet marketing is actually only two of it, but the type     of business is very much. 
Here is a more simple explanation of internet marketing: 
    I. Internet Marketing For Sources of Income (Source of Income) 
Currently, the Internet has become one of the lifestyle of people in     Indonesia, especially for those who have gadgets with the latest     technologies such as, smartphones, tablets, and laptops. Take a look around     you, almost everyone already has a smartphone, even siomay carpenter also     has a BlackBerry in order to be able to direct the promotion of its     merchandise. Live Broad Cast, the promotion up to its customers who also     have a BlackBerry, his dummy sells hehehe deh. 
Running internet marketing to earn money can be done with several types of     business, including PPC (Pay Per Click), PPS (Pay Per Sale), PPL (Pay Per     Lead), sell their own products, and online auction business. 
    1. PPC (Pay Per Click) 
PPC (Pay Per Click) programs are mostly done by website owners / blogs to     earn revenue from their sites. Income earned from this PPC program is     derived from clicks made by visitors / visitors who are interested in an ad     on the site. The publisher or the owner of the site will be paid per click     made by the site's visitors, where the price per click is pre-determined by     the Advertiser / advertiser. The amount of earnings depends on the number     of ad clicks and also the price of the bid clicks by the Advertiser. 
Some companies that offer PPC programs include: 

                    Google Adsense             
                    Bidvertiser             
                    Chitika             
                    Infolinks             
        Gather Blogger    
        Sitti    
        Blog Network ID    
        AdsenseCamp     
        Click Me    
        And others     

    2. PPS (Pay Per Sale) 
From the name alone we may be able to understand about this program. We     will be paid every time a purchase of products originating from our     affiliate link. The amount of income depends on the amount of goods sold,     and also the percentage rate of the commission from the owner of the goods. 
Companies that offer PPS programs include: 

                    Amazon.com             
                    Clickbank.com             
        And others     

    3. PPL (Pay Per Lead) 
This is an affiliate program where the seller / vendor will give a     commission every time we successfully send leads to the vendor / vendor.     For example we are directing internet users to register on email     newsletter, free trial, or fill out the form, through our affiliate link.     One company that offers PPL programs is             MaxBounty.com         . 
    4. Selling Your Own Products or Other Products 
Right now, selling something over the internet is not something     extraordinary. We can sell anything via the internet whether it's a     physical product or a digital form. In addition, our offline business can     also be marketed via the internet. For example we have a business selling     fried onions, just selling via the internet, there must be a buy :) 
In addition to selling their own products, we can also earn money by     selling other people's products, be they physical products or digital     products. One of the internet marketing process by selling other people's     products is by becoming a             reseller or dropshipper         of other people's products. So also with the digital products, we can     become an affiliate marketer for a product sold by others. 
    5. Auction (Online Auction) 
On the internet there is also a place to sell something ours or other     people's property that we help sell, by way of auction. Surely this can be     profitable because we can sell our goods to people who bid with the highest     price. 
A well-known company that provides online auction facilities: 

                    eBay.com             
                    Flippa.com             
        And others     

    II. Internet Marketing For Online Promotion (Traffic Generation) 
As already mentioned at the beginning of the article, online promotion is     one form of internet marketing. No matter what product or business to     promote, the internet is one of the most effective medium to build brand     and make our business website known to many people. 
There are many ways to promote business through internet media, such as     through SEO (Search Engine Optimization), through PPC Advertising (PPC     Advertising), Email Marketing, Mobile Advertising, and Social Media     Marketing. 
    1. PPC Advertising (PPC Ads) 
Unlike the PPC program for publishers, PPC Ads program is intended for     advertisers / advertisers who want to promote their business. In this case     we as an advertiser must spend money for the PPC Ads organizer company to     display our ads on the network of their publisher site. Of course we can     set the price of advertising in accordance with the existing budget. 
Some of the companies that offer this program are: 

                    Google Adwords             
                    Yahoo Advertising             
                    MSN Advertising Center             
        Gather Blogger     
                    Sitti             
                    Blog Network ID             
        AdsenseCamp     
        And others     

    2. SEO (Search Engine Optimization) 
SEO is a form of online promotion that I like very much because it's         free. However, SEO requires special skills, requiring a process with no         time. In fact, SEO often requires the cost to do the optimization.     
That is why there are many website owners who are willing to spend         money to hire SEO services to make their business site in the main page         search results search engine.     
        3. SEM (Search Engine Marketing)     
Unlike SEO, search engine marketing is an advertising network of search         engine companies that display ads on search results pages. In         Indonesia, Google is the most used search engine on the internet.     
For keywords that are searched for by internet users, we will see ads         on the top and bottom of search results of a keyword. Many internet         marketing experts say that Google Adwords is a very high marketing         method of conversion because our website pages have a great opportunity         to get potential customers from search engines.     
        4. Email Marketing     
As the name implies, email marketing is the process of marketing a         product or service by using email as a tool. Email marketing is also a         variety of types, there are direct email, email retention, and         advertise in other people's email. Marketing via email is usually very         effective because the promotion or sales letter can be directly sent to         the owner of the email account.     
Important note to remember is we can not do SPAM because it will         disturb others, and of course will harm our own because the owner of         email can make unscribe or enter our email into SPAMMER list.     
    5. Mobile Advertising 
Mobile advertising is, advertising services through mobile devices.     Smartphone users are now a lot, and usually their phones are taken wherever     they go. This is what makes mobile advertising very effective for business     promotion media. Some models of mobile ads is via SMS, MMS, Banner Ads,     Games, and others. 
    6. Social Media Marketing 
Just as with SEO, online promotion by using social media can be done for     free. As we know, users of social media sites like Facebook, Twitter,     Google+, and YouTube, the number is very much. And this is a very effective     promotional media to market any product via the internet. 
Social media also has an advertising feature that is very much used by     internet marketers to gain traffic and sales. Some of the most popular ones     today are: 

        Facebook Ads     
        Twitter Ads     
        Instagram Ads     
        YouTube Ads     

    7. Marketing Through Forums 
There are now a lot of forums created specifically to discuss certain     topics. An example is Kaskus.co.id. The forum addresses topics ranging from     politics, business, national, and more. One of the sub forums in Kaskus is     special for online merchants who want to market their products through     Kaskus. In addition to Kaskus, there are still some more forums that can be     used as an online marketing medium, will be discussed in another article. 
So a little explanation of what it is internet marketing, and the media     that can be utilized for online marketing. Indeed there are many ways to do     internet marketing, but we do not need to do everything because not all     marketing methods can be successful we do. Therefore, choose some that are     effective and suitable to make money online or marketing products /     services to be promoted. Thank you for reading my article, hopefully useful function progress(timeleft, timetotal, $element) {     var progressBarWidth = timeleft * $element.width() / timetotal;     $element.find('div').animate({ width: progressBarWidth }, timeleft == timetotal ? 0 : 1000, 'linear').html(timeleft + " secs");     if(timeleft > 0) {         setTimeout(function() {             progress(timeleft - 1, timetotal, $element);         }, 1000);     } };  progress(10, 10, $('#progressBar'));<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2018/02/actually-what-is-internet-marketing.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>