---
title: Complete Guide to Update Seo 2020
description: Panduan Lengkap Seo Update 020 There are various SEO tips that you
  can explore from various sources. But, can everything be like a
author: noreply@blogger.com (Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2019/12/complete-guide-to-update-seo-2020.html
date: 2019-12-06T12:03:00.000Z
updated: 2019-12-06T12:03:00.000Z
---

Panduan Lengkap Seo Update 2020

  
  There are various SEO tips that you can explore from various sources.  But, can everything be like a complete SEO guide on this one?  Because basically, the existing SEO tips must continue to grow with the times and search engine updates like Google.  This is the reason why SEO experts continue to test their various hypotheses in order to achieve high rankings on Google SERP (Search Engine Result Page) .  You can also learn it through the complete SEO 2020 guide below. 
  What is SEO? 
  SEO or Search Engine Optimization is a process carried out to optimize your page or website as a whole for search engines.  There are many benefits you can get if you manage to reach a high ranking.  One of them is an increase in the number of website visitors, because search engine users will automatically click on the top link , because Google will display the results that best match the keywords being searched. 
  When your website starts experiencing increased traffic , the benefits that will be obtained will also increase.  Moreover, if your goal is to create a website to support e - commerce businesses or create a business profile online.  If your website visitors are interested in the products you offer, it is possible that the view article actions on your website can turn into view invoices . 

  So, after knowing the definitions and advantages of using SEO, why not start now?  First read the complete SEO guide below! 
  RankBrain from Google 
  This is part of a complete SEO guide that you want to learn.  Not without reason, you should first understand about RankBrain.  Because, RankBrain is a tool used by Google to determine whether a link is worth entering into the top rank. 
  In order not to be cheated by various parties, Google acknowledges that they are updating the search system randomly at an uncertain time so that not many people know how Google's search engine algorithm works.  One of them is the RankBrain algorithm which began to be used by Google since 2016. Technically, RankBrain is an algorithm, but this type of algorithm will continue to change and evolve because it has an artificial intelligence (AI) function. 
  Based on statements made by Google via Twitter in March 2019, RankBrain is an AI-based system created to understand how search results relate to certain concepts.  So, even if you don't use the right keywords, Google can estimate what you really need.  For example, when you search for "why does my TV look strange," the results that appear on the main page are about "soap opera effect," because even though they don't have the exact same keywords, they both have the same concept, which is clumsiness display on television caused by the effects of soap operas. 
  Through an interview with Bloomberg, Google stated that RankBrain is the third most important factor influencing search results on the Google search engine.  How not, RankBrain can help Google match keywords to the concept in question and match with AI technology also helps Google to do searches that are increasingly similar to what is searched for. 
  RankBrain focuses on the following two important things: 

  How long a visitor spends time in your yard. 
  What percentage of users clicked on your website link on the search results page. 

  From the two things above, we will discuss them one by one so that you understand what type of optimization can be applied when studying the complete SEO guidelines below. 
  The first aspect of time is called Dwell Time or the amount of time users spend on your website .  Based on studies published by Search Engine Land , a good average Dwell Time to get into the top 10 of Google's search results is 3 minutes 10 seconds .  If you don't believe it, try reviewing it from Google Analytics . 
  In fact, Dwell Time makes perfect sense as a ranking factor for websites.  The reason is, if an internet user spends a considerable amount of time on a particular page on your website , then that user likes the content he is reading.  Now, the more people who do the same on your website , Google will increase the page rank so that it can be more easily searched by other users. 
  So how do you make visitors feel at home on your website ?  The first thing of course is to make sure your website page can be displayed quickly.  If not, website visitors will immediately exit the page.  Actually, if you use cheap but good hosting , you can guarantee the speed of loading pages on your website .  In addition, if your website receives a lot of visits, you can avoid slowing the loading page. 
  Another thing to consider is content.  Of course you need to make interesting and quality content.  This will be discussed in the next section in this complete SEO guide.  But beforehand, consider the discussion about the second aspect of RankBrain, namely click-through-rate ! 
  Click-Through-Rate (CTR) 
  As mentioned earlier in the second aspect of RankBrain, CTR relates to the percentage of users who click your website link in search results.  You also need to pay attention to your CTR, not only because of RankBrain, but also because of the emergence of types of search results in addition to the regular page links that contain your website pages. 
  We tried searching for the keyword "cheap clothes" on the Google search engine.  The results are three types of search results, respectively: 

  The search results column sponsored by Google. 

  The search results column, paid advertising or AdWords. 

  Third, search results are based on location like in the picture above.  The Answer Boxes column, advertisements, carousels , and "People also ask" will be more interesting for search engine users to click on, unless you are trying to increase the chances of CTR.  How to? 
  First, change the title of the content to make it more interesting to click by including numbers .  Because, humans like something concise, especially if you have to read something online, it will be more efficient if you make an article in the form of a list or " listicle.  "Various studies have proven that titles containing lists can increase the percentage of CTR.  In addition, try to make the upload link descriptive in accordance with the title of the content created.  You can see an example of the following Dewaweb articles. 

  Also use words that are "emotional    hook " or that can provoke the reader emotions by using adjectives.  What are some examples?  Words like "telling", "success", and so on.  Even though this method seems ridiculous, the nature of the market does show more interest in these types. 
  Finally, there are ways you can do this SEO guidelines so that Google makes your content a featured post so that your page enters the Featured Snippet that appears in a special column and is at the top of Google.  We made a specific guide before in the article titled Google SERP Snippet SEO Tips . 
  Next, let's discuss a complete SEO guide through the following topics. 
  
  Complete SEO Guide 
  Mobile-first Index from Google 
  In November 2016, Google announced that it was shifting focus to mobile users with a " mobile-first index ." This means that Google will consider the look of your website if accessed mobile. 
  Since most of the searches made come from smart devices, this one Google step makes sense.  The number of smart devices using search is indeed increasing, along with the increasing number of mobile devices themselves. 
  This is why you have to set up your website to be mobile friendly .  There are some simple steps you can take to prepare it. 
  First , make your content look consistent, both on desktop and mobile devices .  Sometimes, people hide some of their content in the mobile version .  They provide a "More" or "Click to read more." Button For Google, this will be a problem.  It's better if you display 100% of your content in both versions, both on desktop and mobile. 
  Second , migrate your m-dot domain (a mobile version of a website, such as "m.facebook") into a website with a more responsive design.  The reason, now Google already has the first desktop index.  If not, Google doesn't really index your website 's m-dot. 
  Third , make sure your website is mobile-friendly, in the sense that it can work well on smartphones and tablets.  Your website display also needs to be maximally displayed, according to the screen size of the mobile device used.  As was discussed at the beginning of the RankBrain issue, Google will really measure the interactions that occur between users and your website .  What if the look of your website is too heavy for mobile devices and users can't wait and then exit the page?  To test whether your website is mobile-friendly or not, use a testing tool from Google . 

  Enter your domain name and click "Run Test." The results will be displayed as shown below: 

  If there is a problem on your website , a testing tool from Google will also tell you what the problem is and how the solution is recommended.  After that, you can immediately detect which pages or sections the problem is happening and you can fix it immediately. 
  Comprehensive Content 
  If in the past Google focused more on the accuracy of the keywords you use through keywords entered in the search field, Google is now smarter with the development of existing algorithms.  Google will continue to consider keywords in the title tag, URL, ALT text image, Description Tag and H1 and H2 Tags (for more information, read the Keyword Research Guide ).  However, the quality of the discussion on your content will be the main thing to determine whether Google will be indexed and displayed on the search results page. 
  Now, the next problem in understanding the complete SEO guidelines is how you can create in-depth content or commonly called "in-depth"?  There are several things to consider, like the number of words in your article .  There is still intense debate about how long the content is optimal for search engines. 
  But how is it possible that pages that cover a topic and only contain five sentences can compete with other in-depth and complete content on Google's search results pages?  Research results shared on the OptinMonster page have proven that articles that make it into the top 10 are usually articles with more than 2000 words.  But on the other hand, easily digestible articles only contain around 600-800 words per article, if more, you can divide them into two parts.  So, everything is back again to your goal to make the article. 
  In addition, add LSI keywords .  What are LSI keywords ?  LSI keywords or Latent Semantic Indexing keywords are all words or phrases related to the main keywords.  For example you want to discuss the topic of "Healthy Diet," then the LSI keywords are "nutrition," "diet recipes," "lose weight," and so on. 
  So, when Google finds your LSI keywords as much as possible through RankBrain, this smart engine will think that your content is comprehensive and be the most appropriate candidate to be displayed on the main page of search results.  The easiest way in a complete SEO guide to finding LSI keywords is to try to find the main keywords on Google and see related searches that appear at the bottom of your search results. 
  Video Content 
  Content in the form of video is being busy being accessed by internet users today.  Based on the results of content marketing reports made by HubSpot , 43% of the population of internet users want video content.  In addition there is also a forecast from Cisco published by TechCrunch, stating that in 2021 video advertisements will be 80% of sources of traffic on the internet. 
  So, take advantage of YouTube which has become the largest video sharing platform in search engines .  There are many ways to take advantage of YouTube ratings , for example, frequently quote and link or build links to videos that already exist on YouTube, then you can also share the focus of the website by managing your own YouTube account.  Actually, you don't need to make videos on YouTube on a regular basis like a complete SEO guide, but rather look for ways to at least keep your video audience growing. 
  Also do embedding videos into article pages on your website .  This can hold visitors to spend more time on your article pages, as previously discussed related RankBrain from Google.  This method can also reduce the bounce-rate on your website . 
  Quality Link Content 
  We have discussed this a lot in previous articles.  So, this time we will just give you a general guide.  Next, you can read Link Building and Tier Backlink . 
  Link building is an effort to link one article to another article.  This needs to be done for you    can increase the domain authority of your website.  Domain Authority (DA) is important so search engines like Google can properly assess your website's reputation.  Therefore, it is important to ascertain where you are doing link building. 
  If you plan to do link building to other websites by inserting certain links in your upload, make sure the website has a good reputation.  If the website has many visitors, it usually has a good reputation.  The advantage that you can get, namely the value of your website domain authority will be jacked up by that website . 
  In addition, if you build links to other articles from your own website , don't use the click-bait principle    if you don't want your website visitors to leave the article page immediately.  Of course you already know that the use of anchor text that is not in accordance with the contents of the content that is expected to appear on the screen of readers, those who feel they do not need that information will be disappointed and immediately exit the article page on your website . 
  Again, regarding RankBrain, try to keep your website's bounce-rate low.  This is one way for visitors to stay at home on your website .  If the bounce-rate has decreased, surely your ranking will continue to increase on the Google search page. 
  Conclusions 
  Through this article about complete SEO guidelines, you have got the most up-to-date complete guide to SEO.  The development of search engine algorithms and trends among internet users greatly influences aspects of SEO that you need to pay attention to and continue to optimize.  There are some things that are still important aspects of the latest SEO, such as creating comprehensive and quality content, and building quality links on your website .  Some other things such as the addition of video links in content, CTR, mobile first-index and RankBrain from Google may not you know beforehand and still need time to learn it. 
  There will be no instant results from the SEO process that you do, but you need to start from now.  No need to rush, you can start by creating a website first to form a profile that you want to build online.  But, make sure again, not only quality content, you also need to use cloud hosting that is fast, secure, and always reliable so you can reduce the problems you might face. 


  Complete Guide to Update Seo 2020<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2019/12/complete-guide-to-update-seo-2020.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>