---
title: Hiding javascript to increase blogger blog speed
description: Me often find comments on blogs Mascots inquiring about blogger
  widgets that can not be performed, such as the blogs stat
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/11/hiding-javascript-to-increase-blogger.html
date: 2017-11-18T06:56:00.000Z
updated: 2017-11-18T06:56:00.000Z
---

Me often find comments on blogs Mascots inquiring about blogger
            widgets that can not be performed, such as the blog's stat widgets
            and more. Well that's because Maskolis add a code that hides
            JavaScript Widget widget Blogger so that all bloggers are using
            JavaScript automatically become unworkable.
        


        



It turned out that this is done in order to speed up the loading of
            the blog. With the existence of this code, the browser can not
            recognize native JavaScript code Blogger.As we have seen, that the
            amount of JavaScript code in the blog, the more burdensome loading
            the blog.
        



Perhaps some of you ask what the hell that Blogger Widget
            Javascript? If you look at the page source of your blog as CTRL +
            U, then you will see at the bottom of the HTML template you like
            the code below.
        



<script type="text/javascript" src="//www.blogger.com/static/v1/widgets/1384195903-widgets.js"></script>


And there are some code below to above the </ body>. Now the
            codes are hidden.For example, please look at the page source of
            this page at the bottom.Definitely you will see the above code and
            some code underneath the green all. That's because there is a code
            that hides the code on top of the brower so javascript links do not
            appear as live links.
        



Javascript code that hides Blogger Widget is as below:
        



&lt;!--</body>--&gt;&lt;/body&gt;



Well for those of you who have a blog and want to speed up the
            loading and want to use the code above, please change the code
            </ body> in the bottom edit HTML code above. After that
            please check by looking at the source page. If the Javascript code
            Widget Blogger above there at the bottom was green all, it means
            you've successfully hide Blogger Widget Javascript.
        

But if you want to use the widget blogger and it can not be
            displayed or an error, let alone check the HTML template of your
            blog. Who know the maker of your blog's template using this trick.
            If your blog template using & lt;!-</
            body>-&gt;&lt;/body&gt; this, please replace the
            </ body>.<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/11/hiding-javascript-to-increase-blogger.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>