---
title: "Download How To Overcome Downloads On Google Drive That Are Affected By
  Pc / Android Limit "
description: Download method on PC Many of you still dont understand How To
  Download Google Drive That Is Affected By Limit. This time I will
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2019/09/download-how-to-overcome-downloads-on.html
date: 2019-09-28T22:48:00.000Z
updated: 2019-09-28T22:48:00.000Z
---

Download How To Overcome Downloads On Google Drive That Are Affected By Pc / Android Limit |



  Download method on PC 
  Many of you still don't understand "How To Download Google Drive That Is Affected By Limit".  This time I will provide a solution for all of you by following the methods below: 
  # IMPORTANT # Before doing this you must have logged in to Google Drive. 

  Select one of the resolutions that you want to download. 
  If you have clicked it, you will be directed to the image below.  Then click on the part that I have marked as shown below. 
  After that, click again on the part you previously clicked on, then click My Drive as shown below. 

  Then you will be directed to the Google Drive respectively, "Choose / Search for the File that you wanted to Download: example Like [Drakorstation.com] 7th Grade Civil Servant.  Once found, right-click and click Make Copies . 

  And after that, you will find an additional file that reads [Drakorstation.com] 7th Grade Civil Servant as shown in the example below. 

  Select and Right Click on the File then press deh Download as shown below. 

  After that, click again on the text Keep Download . 

  If there is already a picture like the one below, then the download that you did was successful. 


  Download method on Android 

  #NOTE You must have a Google Drive Account before doing this. 
  First press and hold the Google Drive that you want to download. 
  After that the image will appear as below, then select open in a new tab .  
  Open the Tab you just press, then press the dot button 3 as shown below. 

  And search Desktop Site and press on the box. 

  Your Chrome will change to desktop mode and press the part like the image below. 

  If it's like the picture below, you can go to the link https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/mobile/my-drive by Press and Hold Link and select Open in a new tab . 

  You will go to your respective Drive "as shown below.  Then all you have to do is change the display to a desktop . 

  Because there is no cursor on Android, then you can follow the way like the picture below. 

  You will get a new file that reads Copy [Drakorstation.com] , after that do the way as shown below. 

  Finally, all you have to do is press Keep Download . 

  * IMPORTANT * Try to pay attention to your storage, if full will not be able to download files or change the form to a copy . 

  Well that's how to overcome the Limit on Google Drive, if you are still confused with the above method or experiencing other problems.  Comment on our Website post or Facebook Drakorstation . 

Download Cara Mengatasi Download Pada Google Drive Yang Terkena Limit Pc / Android |<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2019/09/download-how-to-overcome-downloads-on.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>