---
title: How to enter CSS code into the HTML page
description: "Learning CSS Tutorial Part : How to enter CSS code into the HTML
  pageIn this tutorial we will discuss how to input the CSS"
author: noreply@blogger.com (Unknown)
url: https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/04/how-to-enter-css-code-into-html-page.html
date: 2017-04-28T04:12:00.000Z
updated: 2017-04-28T04:12:00.000Z
---

Learning CSS Tutorial Part 2: How to enter CSS code into the HTML page


In this tutorial we will discuss how to input the CSS code to the             HTML page .         
As has been learned during the discussion about HTML (article                             tutorial to learn HTML                         ), HTML is essentially a collection of tags that are arranged so as to have certain parts, such as paragraphs, lists,            tables and so on. CSS is used to design these HTML tags.         
Broadly speaking, there are 3 ways to input the CSS code into HTML, the method Inline Style,Style Sheets Internal and            External Style Sheets.        

            Inline Method Style         
The method            is a way of inputting Style Inline CSS code             directly into the HTML tags using the style            attribute, an example of using CSS Style Inline methodsare             as follows:         

  <! DOCTYPE html>
 <Html>
 <Head>
 <Title> Example Inline CSS Style </ title>
 </ Head>
    <Body>
       <H2 style = "background-color: black; color: white">
          This text will be colored white and black background
       </ H2>
    </ Body>
 </ Html> 
                                    
In the code above, I insert a style attribute on the <h2>, the value of the            style attribute is the CSS code to be applied.         
The use of CSS tags like this though practical, but not             recommended, because the CSS code directly affiliated with HTML,             and does not meet the purpose of the CSS in order to separate the             design of the content.         

            Methods Internal Style Sheets         
Methods Internal Style Sheets,            also called Embedded Style Sheets are used to separate the CSS code ofHTML tagsbut remain in the HTML page. The            styleattribute that were in the tag, collected in             a <style> tag. This style tags must be in             the <head> of the HTML page.         
Examples of the use            of internal motode CSS style sheets:        


 <! DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <title> Example Inline CSS Style </ title> <style type = "text / css"> h2 {background-color: black;  color: white;  } </ Style> </ head> <body> <h2> This text will be colored white and black background </ h2> </ body> </ html> 
Examples of internal style sheets above method is             much better than the inline style, because we have             separated the CSS of HTML. The whole CSS code will be in the head             tag of HTML.         
However, the lack of internal use            style sheets, if we have a few pages with the same             style, we must make the CSS code on each of those pages. This can             be overcome by using external style sheets.        

            Methods External Style Sheets         
Shortage of internal style sheets prior method is             if you want to create multiple pages with the same look, then each             page will have the same CSS code.         
External Style Sheets methods            used to'lift' the CSS code into a separate file that is             completely separate from the HTML page. Each page that require the             CSS code, live 'call' the CSS file.         
Still using the same example with            an internal style sheets, the first stage we will             transfer the contents of the <style>to a new             page, and savelah as belajar.css        
The contents of the file belajar.css:        


  h2 {
 background-color: black;
 color: white;
 } 
Make sure that the ending of the file is.css and             for the purposes of this example, savelah in the same folder as our             HTML page.         
Back to pages of HTML, CSS provides two ways to enter the CSS code to             the HTML page, the first is to use @import        
Example of use @import CSS:         

  <! DOCTYPE html>
 <Html>
 <Head>
 <Title> Example Inline CSS Style </ title>
 <Style type = "text / css">
 @import url (belajar.css);
 </ Style>
 </ Head>
 <Body>
 <H2>
 This text will be colored white and black background
 </ H2>
 </ Body>
 </ Html> 
For external style sheets @import method, we insert @import url (belajar.css); on the<style> tag. Address in the            URL can be a relative people experience             (such as: folderku / belajar.css) or absolute (as             www.duniailkom.com/belajar.css).         
How to input both external style sheets,is to use             the <link> tag. Here's an example:         

  <! DOCTYPE html>
 <Html>
 <Head>
 <Title> Example Inline CSS Style </ title>
 <Link rel = "stylesheet" type = "text / css" href = "belajar.css">
 </ Head>
 <Body>
 <H2>
 This text will be colored white and black background
 </ H2>
 </ Body>
 </ Html> 
In the method of link external style sheets, we use the href attribute on            the <link>, which will contain the address             of the page CSS, in this case belajar.css        
Of the three types of input methods CSS into an HTML page, themost recommended is themethod of external style sheets, either using the            @import or<link> tag.            Because by using CSS code separated, entire web pages can use the             same CSS file, and if we want to change the entire look of web             pages, we only need to change one CSS file only.         

                                        
For ease of writing, the writing tutorials to learn CSS in                                     website development indonesia                 , I will use an internal method                of style sheets, which put CSS code in the                 head section of the page.It is merely to facilitate the writing sample. To create a live website, it is recommended to useexternal style sheets by means                @import or link.            


In the next CSS tutorial, we will discuss in more detail how to             write CSS code by studying                             Definition Selector, Property and Value on CSS                         .<hr/> <a href="https://www.webmanajemen.com/2017/04/how-to-enter-css-code-into-html-page.html" rel="follow" class="button" id="read-more">Read More</a>